list ordering
date difference by different intervals
(2.7): are functions computationally expensive
comparing code for equivalence
how to set django root url as login url?
reading back a datetime in sqlite3
how can i retrieve a script variable using?
automating download of files with urllib2 and or wget
encapsulate a function to print to a variable
what statically typed languages are similar to?
how can i link/reference another rest file in the documentation?
: opening a file without creating a lock
matching strings in?
how to update a single column in a subset of database table records using django form or modelform
beautifulsoup get content of a row table
how can i construct a subprocess call in for 2 or more commands for os x or linux
can list and dictionary be nested infinitely?
automate smtp using
tuples into a dictionary
send ctrl-c to remote processes started via subprocess.popen and ssh
vectorized loop for dynamic time wrapping
web py | how to set form.dropdown args using db.select query
creating a "catch all" for urls with's flask
how does do the type checking compared to?
- replace exec for dynamic variable creation
how to use the spanish wordnet in nltk?
convert array of single integer pixels to rgb triplets in
cross module variable
native counter on a for-loop iterative in
how to add string representation of hex?
how to find all upstream dg nodes with maya api?
changing string dictionary values into integers and adding them up
looping through an array to find euclidean distance in
- how to sort the rows in a file to match another file sort order
more idiomatic version of "df.isnull().any().any()" w/ a pandas dataframe
how can i get a column from a 2d array?
https log in with urllib2
finding an item in a list
loop through a list and look for uniques
return a list of values of dictionaries inside a list
- kivy- adding colour to buttons
equivalent expression in
sorting a list using an alphabet string
convert double to float in
weird values for form.cleaned_data = {'name': {...}}
convert data type and then load data into mysql by
random card from a deck with probabilities
sqlalchemy - multiple classes, identical tables
using os.walk to add to list
- writing print
how to display a date_time field in jinja2 template? (flask)
plot dataframe with years in columns with pandas
correctly reading text from windows-1252(cp1252) file in
web interface for sensors
django variable that is true when testing
execute cmd-like command in
round, align and print list of floats with format()
munging non-printable characters to dots using string.translate()
make 2 functions run at the same time
stripping non printable characters from a string in
unneeded parts when unwrapping tuple/list
using jcifs in jython in order to access site using ntlm security
image resize under photoimage
auto incrementing id value with string django
get time of execution of a block of code in 2.7
lxml - how to get xpath of htmlelement?
how to display an inverted image on the screen?
optimized approach to finding which pairs of numbers another number falls between?
pygame.display.set_mode window opens but freeze 3.5 mac osx 10.11.1
assign line colors in pandas
formatting long numbers as strings in
how to evaluate cost function for scikit learn logisticregression?
get the distinct column values and union the dataframes
inter-process communication, getting pid of an independent process (not child) started from another
filter objects within two seconds of one another using sqlalchemy
django: template context processor request variable
passing in a new value to each key using's `dict.fromkeys`
pandas parse_dates does not seem to work
etree control empty tag format
how retrieve keyword arguments from a string in?
use variable to get property value
function in module pass value to parent module that called it
passing a string from a form in html-file to a -script respecting utf-8
how to extract array entries for method call in
passing the values to a function
how do you keep a widget in view while scrolling?
find a set of path within a string using regex in
count dates in
django admin dropdowns based on a boolean
how can i use the same callback function to trace multiple variables?
command line tool in in a fixed root directory
lcd display
correct way to make module smaller by delegating
what's equivalent to django's auto_now, auto_now_add in sqlalchemy
test for full list
how to normalize a 2-dimensional numpy array in less verbose?
incomprehensible time format
move files based on name
, save data to file in loop
main program while loop
how to find all occurrence of special characters in a file and add them to a list
apply a set of functions randomly on a dictionary with random.shuffle()
how do i remove lines from a file and move them to another file?
force a raw_input
output to csv
extracting youtube video's author using and youtubeapi
convert indexed dataframe to multi-indexed using pattern in indices
regular express lookahead multiple conditions
i don't know where those third-party packages have been installed on macos?
create dummies from column with multiple values in pandas
long hex string to integer in
how to cleanly loop over two files in parallel in
handling binary literal in
how vertical bars literal determine the formal regular expression in?
random dictionary key, weighted by values
using a list objects to look up items in a dictionary in
access a variable in a class function from in another function?
remove certain elements in source
date conversion in
writing the letter a to a file in binary mode
curl alternative in
openerp: answering module configuration via xml-rpc
unit test, run some methods only once
is there a mysql database abstraction layer for that works like pyodbc on both linux and windows?
reading a file with a specified delimiter for newline
expected conditions in protractor
reducing the size/resolution of a saved video
django serving robots.txt efficiently
convert time strings to integers
what's the use of widget id on wx?
decode text to ascii
how to find the post or get variables posted by mechanize ( )
matplotlib pyplot show capture image
: check if a string represents an int, without using try/except?
how can i write asyncio coroutines that optionally act as regular functions?
parsing block in file to list without newlines
align numbers about 3.3
how to get a percentage of a timedelta in
how to simplify if statement yes
run command line arguments with incrementing variables asynchronously.
content-seen check in
convert dpkt byte strings containing random characters
pyephem compute elevation angle
join datetimes of dataframes and forward fill data
using super with a class method
psycopg2 to deal with timestamp without time zone
real time read from subprocess.stdout on windows
mercurial/ - what does the underscore function do?
_socket.socket vs socket._socketobject, how to convert from one to the other
how to dynamically set scrapy rules?
changing contents of a file -
how to change ttk.treeview column width and weight in 3.3
how to properly detect corners using harris detector with opencv?
creating database for ios
split on newline, but not space-newline
how to add a list of joined data in peewee?
convolution with kernel size larger than 5x5 in -pillow
how to get the common name for a pytz timezone eg. est/edt for america
allow a custom class to add in both directions
how can i find the intersection of a list and a nested list?
unexpected printed output with simple program doing string comparisons
how to list a folder's files using the zipfile module in
make list of x and y coordinates
remove widgets from grid in tkinter
how do i sort a list of strftime('%i:%m %p') in django templates
how to update sqlalchemy row entry
how can i convert hh:mm:ss string to unix epoch time?
converting matlab "find" to "numpy" where
what is the valid format for a tiff image in
iterating through two dictionaries
how to count how many letters in my junk in gmail?
how to make a program that lists the position/positions of a certain word in a sentence
pyqt - loading user data, how to avoid using global variable?
adding column to a list in a loop
creating a namedtuple with a custom hash function
how to create folders using file names and then move files into folders?
can we access inner function outside its scope of outer function in using outer function?
how can i find out what package that a module belongs to?
how can i fix the scroll bug when using windows rich edit controls in wx?
how to have pyspeech ignore certain words
checking whitespace in a string ( )
how to use lxml in to get the following elements?
html parsing using lxml code
wx : getting the initial value of a combo box
django manage.py settings default
sorting a list of lists based on a list of strings
add help to module
return output from function called from a function
pyqt4: how to specify the length and width of the squares of the qgridlayout
pyqwt invert axis (or, setting pyqwt attributes)
passing self as an argument in a helper method
using subprocess.call for writing count of fasta sequences to file
how to modify all text files in folder with script
style matching words in paragraphs
passing special characters into mysql using
using matplotlib to graph rows by column of a csv file
about scopes
downloading a file from a webpage using script without url, calling onclick function
can i use a lambda button command in a method?
string to dictionary in
what's the best way to insert over a hundred million rows into a sqlite database?
understanding a piece of code
subprocess.call() does not return when using pydev
django save or update model
beautifulsoup get all the values of a particular column
how to flush plots in i notebook sequentially?
adding extra axis ticks using matplotlib
how does twisted read /etc/hosts?
selecting and averaging values in pandas data frames
parameter and function with the same name
use string variable **kwargs as named argument
salt api to run states in minion
reading a direct access fortran unformatted file in
how to pad with n characters in
pygame waiting the user to keypress a key
pass variable contents to class function in
plot 3 columns matrix with pyplot
divide the number into random number of random elements?
rearrange a list into n lists, by column
check if a directory is a (file system) root
how to get the percentage of memory usage of a process?
find and replace after the second column
char array declaration
how do i combine the and and or operator in a pandas data frame?
why can't i round-trip an image using pypng?
generate a random number in that falls into a multiple range
increment by one automatically the -"number" in if statement
how do you check that a dictionary is in an array even in the worng order in
add rows in array with nested loop
submitting form ( )
django: show useful database data in admin interface?
how to patch shutil.move to test some method
parsing key-value pairs into dataframe columns
what is the fastest way to check if a class has a function defined?
smoothing imshow plot with matplotlib
how put a space in a string mutiplication?
multiple inheritance: whats wrong doing it dynamically?
create a new type in
make instance methods global in module?
keep change to different hash md5
: non repeating random values from list
default / optional variables
will sphinx (restructuredtext) document handle 1000 pages?
transparent pngs don't retain transparency after being transformed (django + pil)
drawing a selection area with mouse in tkinter
checking if registry key exists with
get xpath of an element in dom tree?
selenium multiple test cases
how to load an rsa key from a pem file and use it in -crypto
printing and multiplying strings in print statement
: using numpy.histogram
calling a class functions using map
way to save a dictionary as a separate reference in
create new lists from list based on position of element
how to replay a list of event consistently
new line chars added to csv file after ftp.storbinary()
pyqtwebkit and script
flask-sqlalchemy check if row exists in table
i cant collect answer from my variables in for loop
concatenate zero matrices and sparse matrices in
documenting packages with doxygen
how to filter the queryset of a django modelformset manytomany memeber
adding items into priority queue
installed from package, terminal didn't update?
pandas secondary y axis for boxplots
confirming an image is published to ros
grid search: get index that corresponds best to value (for a whole matrix)
passing command line argument to script within eclipse(pydev)
how to i change tkinter canvas line from dash to solid?
equivalent of 'in' for comparing two numpy arrays
sqlalchemy dates filter in raw sql
mutagen all file types
accessing foreign key in django queryset
pandas: how to loop over dateframe and add columns
make a parent function return - super return?
how to style cgi with css?
will the function in for loop be executed multiple times?
what is the preferred way to handle basic arrays in?
mark a specific level in contour map on matplotlib
: parse stream title with mplayer
how do i check if an iterator is actually an iterator container?
extract id value from href source
removing indices from a list in
tkinter - listbox custom class to return index, but there is no index
unwanted quotes exception in string in
problems with a list
re findall using regular expressions
using a comparison operator on a dictionary in
ic mapping of an array (beginner)
passing list values as parameters
: split string at the start of delimiter rather than the end
how to select only this text node using beautifulsoup and?
how do you extract unique queryset from queryset of objects with manytomanyfield
resize image in without losing exif data
how to read a wave file block by block in (compatible with numpy array)?
search a file using
django - correct way to pass arguments to cbv decorators?
how to split script and option at space, if script path can contain escaped spaces?
list comprehension on dict doesn't perform well
using httpresponseredirect
3 models entity joins in appengine
finding a model instance by string in django
adding tooltips to line plots in bokeh
correct way to pause program
setting an initial width of a pyqt widget in a splitter
shortest path through weighted graph
retrieve largest negative number and smallest positive number from list
iterating through individual files in os.walk in in an idiomatic fashion
syntax behind sorted(key=lambda :)
one variable two values
is it possible to import multiple files with a loop in?
optimizing performance in function calls
append items to a list in at spaced intervals
how do i traverse nested dictionaries ( )?
how to pass a foreignkey attribute from django admin change_form.html to a script
how does this interleaving recursive function work?
splice two lists and output to csv
finding average fuzzy ratio of all lines
how to store number from string in
double summation in
extract number from varying string
which language to target on ubuntu?
write a list of sets to csv -
cannot feed value of shape (500,) for tensor 'x_17:0', which has shape '
how to get mysql on an ec2 centos box with upgraded
3 diagnostic line number logger
ctypes segfault on osx only
regex - how to detect repetitions
re.sub to gather height
how can i pad and/or truncate a vector to a specified length using numpy?
why does remove behave like that?
sum of even fibonacci numbers below 4 million -
property to restrict access
sum a stack of images
re.sub, only replace part of match
log in profile in
how to execute a command for all.dat files in a directory
retrieve variables regex
best ic way to parse param string?
- get the coordinates of densest point
extract number from string -
set column of pandas.dataframe object
whether to use "set names"
replace column in csv with modified column
equation parsing in
how to save last three entries
how to select a random value in a dictionary?
why doesn't this regular expression work on
how to use the 'hex' encoding in 3.2 or higher?
django: can i create a querydict from a dictionary?
adding a entry point without running setuptools
how to produce multiple modes in?
lxml: copy values from one xml file to another where elements match
random banking type authentication using and selenium
create array entry for each paragraph in a text file
log flexlm licence usage from remote machine
django sync one-to-one models
decrease the days in
: how to ignore a delimited part of a sentence?
replace values in 2d numpy array
ic way of composing itemgetter and attrgetter?
printing to right side or bottom side of terminal using (n)curses
django dynamic page functionality and url
several times print from a reference file
tkinter text highlight with delay doesn't work
django product of annotate
regex on 2.7 causing problems on finding text in a string
how can ctypes be used to parse unicode strings?
make an "always relative to current module" file path?
-disabling action
how to slice (in ) "all but the last n" items when n may be
best practice for accessing distantly related django models
ignore multiple return value
sqlalchemy: refer to the bound session from an object?
extending sphinx.ext.graphviz with additional extension
wait until element is not present
sorting a dict on __iter__
how to check if sql query result is empty in web.py/
requests, how to limit received size, transfer rate, and/or total time?
combine two arrays and sort
how to combine header files with data files with?
remove a href if the same one has been already scrapped
how to convert a.csv file into a numpy array of different type
expand/collapsible list of objects
convert simple function to arrange list into a one liner?
removing punctuation then counting the no of every word occurance using
threading - unexpected output
column names as variables while creating table
how to have check if a file exists and create it if it doesn't?
how can i access a button name if it was created in a for loop in?
printing dictionary using json.dumps in web2py
detect extreme (most distant) points in numpy-3d array
why is the total sum of the list incorrect?
- running a command then inputting when prompted automatically
decorator converting given kwargs to attrs of function
speeding up a big a loop with a logarithm in
seaborn violinplots: change violin color, axes names, legend
matplotlib change axis
run a external program with specified max running time
idiomatically negate a filter
load list with content of object
django mock cache
using variables in regular expression
how to logging with timed rotate file handler in tornado?
information from qtablewidget cell to qtextbrowser - pyside
how do i undo true = false in interactive mode?
how to plot graph in time series
- remove text that is inside certain tag
multi-column table sort with custom ordering for each column
how do you create an index on the tables themselves in a database?
aligning a combination of strings in
: invoke class & class methods by name with using eval
tree / dict
pandas aggregating a groupby object using udf
string formatting, scientific notation to float in
what is the best way to print this matrix without a for loop
indexing arrays with multiple conditions in?
pandas delete row of data where index is string
jython: how to use the file "jython-2.7-b1.jar"
adding a string to a string in a list
automatically nested for loops in
matplotlib - what kind of set_major_locator should i use
time.sleep
how to loop to directory and json the output to txt file?
ioerror: [errno 2] no such file or directory
is there a reliable way to determine the system architecture using?
how to make "goto" a previous line to get more input? [solved]
does r have function startswith or endswith like?
how can i write this ruby gsub using re?
counting di-amino acid frequencies (bigram frequencies) from fasta files
how to provide a negative condition in case/when clause while using django orm?
: multidimensional sorting of class object
and regex
why won't this simple linear regression with gradient descend works?
how can i identify a video format in 3?
how can i create a function with variable arguments
get count of value for 15 min periods
how to efficiently filter a string against a long list of words in /django?
saving file uploaded via ajax to django model imagefield
how to start reading at line x in?
get a view of a ndarray satisfying certain shape and strides constraint
django: calling save() on filefield using field name as string
efficient way to get the position info of the biggest item in a list
open file in module and keep it in memory
flask helper classes and return values
utility to manage multiple scripts
adding custom action to usermodel's admin page
formatting json converted datetime string returned from github v3 in
kivy countdown label
sort strings based on the number of distinct characters
modifying i/o data in
use regex to find key=value pairs separated by comma but keep quoted portion together
how to prettyprint (human readably print) a dict in json format (double
which itertools generator doesn't skip any combinations?
django model as part of ajax response
get max duplicate item in list
how to reshape 4d array to 2d array in numpy
merge records into one
: removing specific lines from an object
can't get 3 plots to overlay in pylab
forking multiple apps under subprocess
script to generate junit report from another testing result
how to create a dict with space, quotes, dots, double quotes and etc
is there a way to set url namespace for two or more apps in django?
improving numpy performance
return results of sqlalchemy search query
c extension for (malloc)
novice to code: converting individual numbers from an input into seperate values in binary
: creating a set of vector coordinates or a matrix from a multidimensional table
using scikit-learn classifier inside nltk, multiclass case
matplotlib set coordinate
extract latitude and longitude from coordinates
select first or last n groups after applying "group by"
regular expression in django for urls
django rest framework post get serializer
better way to check for keys in django sessions?
initialize objects in numpy matrix
pandas merge on multiple file and saving it on the same file
deleting items from a list that is in a dictionary
django queryset contains duplicate entries
string formatting fill value as variable
idiomatic clojure version of's keyerror
how to force i to use an older version of?
function to select records from a mysql table
re, multiple matching groups
google app engine - and render from bigtable
how can i open a website in my web browser using?
django inline formset filters in manytomany relationship through another model
how to install mysqldb module using pip?
iterating a dictionary
how to round decimal instance
: splitting strings where numbers and letters meet (1234abcd-->1234, abcd)
: run a progess bar and work simultaneously?
django foreignmodels
comparing two large lists in
compare addresses pulled from an xml document in different formats
conditional shebang line for different versions of
how to merge 2 numpy arrays?
serving static media during django development: why not media_root?
get data from xml file
dictionary, switch key but retain value
creating a function that returns all capitalized words in a sentence (commas excluded)
script page is showing blank?
to save needed rows in excel contents
in, how do i assign a tkinter button to a piece of code?
google app engine post request query string
invalid syntax when using eval(strclass)
extracting public key from private key dynamically using m2crypto
how can i hook a function in a module?
__call__ vs. __init__: who gets the arguments? who gets called first?
how to set the delivery time for new messages in mailbox?
computing cost of np.random.uniform vs np.random.beta
how can i create complex types in suds
bollingerband - rolling_mean - length number
hasattr(obj, '__iter__') vs collections
subprocess.popen without joining
how to generate a number of n-bit in length using?
get values in dictionary from list of keys
get my current path using a script as a command
remove characters not in a set in
don't escape html with docutils.core.publish_parts(writer_name="
numeric string to time conversion
how do i check the operating system in?
installing 3 into venv?
how to close a figure by keyboard input?
translate pseudocode into
ignoring items that have fewer than three words
short code in
finding min & max values across 3 different dictionaries
plot continuous line using 'dashes' argument in matplotlib's plot()
merge dicts and create list if duplicate keys
how delete all variables available in to free memory?
detect version at runtime
how to read a whole file in? to work universally in command line
django: createview fail_url
how to update mysql faster by xml data?
regular expression to match specific currency format
getattr keyword arg filtering
django: more ic __unicode__
i notebook clear cell output in code
- calling a function from a class
prevent a function or a file from being run with nose?
how to write help/description text for functions
possible to create single pixel wide horizontal/vertical ttk.separator's?
how to use pexpect to get spontaneous output of subprocess in
splitting strings in complicated ways?
django delete superuser
why does this element in lxml include the tail?
simplify expression in list comprehension
how to read bulletted/numbered lists using word range object?
create frame class in tkinter gui
equation solver (max and min)
dynamic method name generation using xmlrpc
import external libraries in an hadoop mapreduce script
adding an element to a rdd depending on a calculation on the same rdd
how to transform a dictionary of strings to lists to a list of dictionaries?
gridsearchcv for multi-label classification for each label separately
how to read data from text file in using a colon delimeter
mongodb: limiting results from a $gt query (from pymongo)
indices of matching elements given two lists of which one has redundant entries
trouble with aligning two y-axis ticks with matplotlib
: how to tell spyder's style analysis pep8 to read from a setup.
using, extract and print items from a matrix containing list elements
how to compare values in pandas between two different columns?
finding multiple common starting strings
how to optimize this script
flask - how to make an app externally visible through a router?
app engine gql query not running
how to call a different render after a form submission
how to convert a string containing unicode escapes into a unicode string containing those characters?
adding columns to a fits table with pyfits
os.listdir using input from array
how to replace __str__ for a function
cutting a string to multiple variables
how to count words (and also those with accents!) in a text file in
creating loop for bmp085 code?
replace row in dataframe dependant on a value
design pattern for generating sql string
how to create a filehandle in memory and pass to an external command in
numpy convert categorical string arrays to an integer array
string conversion for eval
duplicate each character in a string
print unicode characters in interpreter
passing csrftoken with requests use input type hidden
how to document a package
: importing a graph
multiple bars on a single plot ( )
click command names
looping until the number of cells changed is neglible
set up and tear down functions for pytest bdd
export sqlite3 table to csv or txt file with
can i get messagebox's icon="warning" noise on a custom tkinter toplevel() window
to check if it is url in text and if yes then edit it with href tag using
how can i check the syntax of script without executing it?
3.3 search for match in webpage results
replace multiple objects conditionally
plot frequency with continuous integer labeled x-axis
2.7 for loop repeat iteration
c#, pass array as function parameters
quickest way to get unique values
better approach for reading/writing files in?
transform relational database list into list
how to redirect to a newly created object in django without a generic view's post_save
writing py2.x and py3.x compatible code without six.text_type
filter on content_object django comments
rewinding iteration
taking items from a csv file and putting the elements in a list
extend a specific version of (on linux ubuntu/unity)
delete a column in a pandas' dataframe if its sum is less than x
how to change font properties of a matplotlib colorbar label?
selenium in : breaking a while loop after an onclick attribute changes
how can i convert a string with dot and comma into a float number in
what is the fastest way of searching a list of regexs in a text using?
usleep in
overwriting a spark output using pyspark
add variable name to variable
django jquery not working?
how to update only one field instead creating another object - django 1.4
: create combinations of n where 2 of the items are constant
pyqt qspinbox update range depending on the value of other spinbox
disabling logging in 'transaction' package (pyramid app)
pyfribidi for windows or any other bidi algorithm
get open tcp port in
string to datetime in mysql
where do i place the.egg ( )?
list comprehensions; compressing a list of lists?
different decorators for the same function
is there easy way to prevent echo from input?
how to do a post request in?
modify tkinter.listbox parameter
pandas read_csv skip rows but keep header
easiest way to create a object that can take custom atttributes in
: performance of custom json decoder
numpy - easier way to change the value of one column of an array only?
continue execution of a update script without waiting for user input
how can each element of a numpy array be operated upon according to its relative value?
pandas - check for non unique values in dataframe groupby
where does subprocess.popen look for the argument process? ( )
selenium firefox webdriver does not adopt profile
how match a regex if it does not contain a particular word?
efficient way of checking similar possible inputs?
how can i find files and then loop over them in?
read large gzip files in
how to loop over a list of dictionaries?
pandas: splitting a graph into many sub graphs while maintaining scale
sort and set for no repeated section
how do i read a text file into a string variable in
getting the interface to block in pygtk
create class implicitly in
open scrapy output in browser tab or i window
efficiently average over subarrays of a masked array
how do ldexp and frexp work in?
find pid of a process that locked a file
webapp2 user store, how do you query it
sort unique list of lists' items
extracting data from html with
adding elements from a list of lists into dictionary in
property being overwritten
can sprite group in pygame contain subgroups containing sprites apart from the normal sprites?
dictionary: get associated 'key' from 'value'?
change the position (move) of tick labels when plotting with matplotlib
regular expression with re.split()
interfacing with c library - how to have a null c pointer
django authentication: query by current user from foreign key
how can i edit httpd.conf, generated by mod_wsgi 4.4.21 ubuntu
how to cut a specific fragment from a given string
, unittest, test a script with command line args
how do you create an instance of a class when the class type is stored in a variable?
: findimg maximum number in first column of a file and considering other numbers on the same
is this a string or a string array?
adding logic to csv reader
using ufw (uncomplicatedfirewall) as an api
adding hyphen in row data in
to initiate shell
list coordinates between a set of coordinates
multiple graphs from a loop in one single plot -
getting nose to ignore a function with 'test' in the name
saving a django orm model with a foreign key
how to add commas / delimiters for all list items except last?
- reading from multiple text files into dictionary
print all the values of a group of objects without iterating through it
how to assign rgb color values to grid mesh with matplotlib
permission in django across native to custom table
programatically check whether a drive letter is a shared/network drive
set contents to string
why doesn't's `re.split()` split on zero-length matches
how to know if event group {task} is enabled or disabled in celery
post to api before saving to database in django class-based views
getattr in current function
scraping script based websites with
regularization parameter setting for randomized regression in sklearn
: get all exe files in current directory and run them?
flask app hangs while processing the request
way to extract several substrings from a string?
how to check if a numeric value is an integer?
how to add generator elements to a set() without a loop?
simplify code for txt searching
memory profiler for iron
updating dynamic qgridlayout - pyqt
content migration for a specific folder
can i use ctypes to call back c function from embedded in c?
how can i refresh twitter filter stream thread in tweepy?
is there any way to use a strftime-like function for dates before 1900 in?
search: how to do it efficiently
how to write two separate log files from same program?
what's the get_text() equivalent in bindings for selenium/webdriver
is there a way to stop a program after x amount of tries?
nested loop to identify characters in string of text
matplotlib's violinplot doesn't follow rcparam
filtering a pandas dataframe without removing rows
custom css styles in sphinx?
using a string, to give a name to a new string
while 1 loop behaviour event triggered?
how to server static web page with webapp on gae
how to have a 'broad filter' in sqlalchemy query search
how can i make selenium click through a variable number of "next" buttons?
is there a tkinter equivalent for perl/tk's scrolled pseudo-widget?
use search with regex to find korean characters using
while loops and duplicate code in
delete all xml tags between strings in string with and regexp
facebook api: how to get the inviterid through requestid?
saving the column names of a sql table as a list using pyodbc
how to enter the data inside any loop in
preserving i's input prompt filtering in customized prompts
default value with wsgiapplication handler?
fourier transform: computational scaling as a function of vector length
aws s3: enable encryption through api/script
doesn't generate new code
: determine assigned serial port my hardware connected to
how to get node web client to talk to rest api on heroku?
full list of twitter "friends" using and tweepy
detect empty xml root element
tornado: uimodule for including minified script
django user id fields
decorator for script
how to get set of three next values from generator in a loop
how do i check if a given string is a substring of another one?
how to wait till a directory exist in (ubuntu)
memory management: open vs string-building
using regular expression to catch phrases in
need some help to write a script
import class from module but not dependencies
write multiple prints in a text file
: printing floats / modifying the output
assigning mulitple variables to a random item in list.
list intersection - regex match
django change root url
why is this not assigning the correct value?
how to copy file based on partial filename in
using a library from
how to share my code to other?
how to eliminate blank lines from a file
inheritance in
py2app selenium without firefox install
how to use curent date in image path django
how to change iterations in a for loop?
how can i accept default parameter in function when 'none' or no argument is passed?
beautifulsoup find element that contains text
wx : how to bind keyboard events of windows os directly with application
how to break loop and then start over
: for elem in list get list without that elem
multilanguage urls in django
: split a list into sub-lists based on index ranges
numpy array regex sub
fisher's exact in scipy as new column using pandas
how to get the index of a maximum element in a numpy array along one axis
can i annotate a numpy array when saving it with savez
tkinter button with an if statement
celery task handlers vs signals
how to work with two lists as round robin
a more ic way to map an object's method to a list of objects
testing a virtual environment (virtualenv)
plotting a timeseries graph in using matplotlib from a csv file
how to split with multiple bracket
how do you upload a.py file into mongodb through pymongo
modify file using
how can i get unsigned magnitude of the -ve number in
how to "unpack" packet from (client) received in c (server)?
p4 status -a only to sub directory of perforce workspace
does the standard library contain a module for manipulating uris?
modifying specific array elements in 3.1
how to programatically set the amount of parameters in sqlite
concatenate string with another that contains a variable
load and concatenate numpy arrays
: look into the registry to find install location of a program
how to read csv into record array in numpy?
find the nodes in the percona cluster
collapsing data using groupby pandas
how do i do simple user input in?
how come i can't get the exactly result to *pip install* by manually *
how to refresh or redirect browser to specified url in?
shuffle vs permute numpy
pyside dialog return values on accept
how to escape all special character for regex in
what type of collection of mutable objects will allow me to quickly remove items in?
best style for iterating over a small number of items in?
removing lines that: do not contain a comma, or contain more then one comma (in
how do i generate secure session_id on?
breadth first search traversal in
importing libraries from github
accessing dictionary with raw input
initializing an extended class with an instance when the parent class can't take itself as argument for
implementing __getitem__
mercurial api : repo.changectx(change) doesn't exist!
: jobid counter
subclass _init_ method ignored - execution jumps straight to superclass _init_
what better ways could i have written this code
wx frame with wx.caption style, an upper left icon and a closebox?
convert year/month/day to day of year in
string length evaluation in c
looping through a directory of files in
how to tell setup.py to use visual studio
change date format in django
how do i show decimal calculations in?
pandas pivot table nested sorting
string encode method
& mysql: matching element from list of with a record from database
django: displaying value from a list of lists
download.txt with that is accessed through an php request
how to see possible combinations of a given number in
how to parse a rfc 2822 date/time into a datetime?
django hide field from forms and add automatically field
regular expressions and a special character by itself
nltk generate sentences without two occurences of the same word in
remove items from a list while iterating without using extra memory in
need explanation for use of '%' and '/' to grid buttons with tkinter
efficient way of phrasing multiple tuple pair where conditions in sql statement
/numpy - calculate sum of equal array elements
how to send extra_context to submit_line.html in django?
3 subprocess output
attempting to add cost from the end of a line but only getting a blank space
index a 3d numpy array
3 - electronics analysis script
changing default
mixing implicit and explicit waits
how to replace all occurrences of an element in a list in, in-place?
amazon s3 boto - how to delete folder?
numpy image arrays: how to efficiently switch from rgb to hex
selenium : download pdf specified by dom object
subsetsum function
finding last occurence of substring in string, replacing that
filter pandas dataframe with another series
accesing every 1st element of pandas dataframe column containing lists
problems with using re.findall() in
how can i split up a large django-celery tasks.py module into smaller chunks?
django tastypie add content-length header
django and designing application with gym classes
program to connect to console via telnetlib
results of list comprehension and for loop not the same
how to add/wait for user input?
pandas dataframe apply specific function to each column
how to select a post with no comments?
bash/ : open url & print top 10 words
how to get a list of files from the archive (rar or zip) attached to the e
matplotlib window appears at the back?
get a datetime object from the result of str(datetime)
why do these two 'x' refer to different variable?
in, how do i take the highest occurrence of something in a list, and sort it
average of all values in a list - is there a more'ic' way to do
beautifulsoup : is there a way to count the number of results crawled?
invoking magic method from within script
counter for many distinct values in data frame column
how to round integers in
can print a function definition?
how can i make code in django only run when debug is set to true
is it possible to concatenate list indices in one statement in?
regular expression group repetition within a repetition
image library image resolution when resizing
numpy meshgrid of dynamic shape
readonly fields in django formset
dyanamic/ variable filepath
does fabric support dynamic set env.hosts?
creating a new scope like script
when strings are equivalent up to rotation
manage slug for django
numpy genfromtxt for different column sizes
extract a particular field in '\xxx\xxx\xxx\xxx\xxx\' format in
log x-scale in imshow :: matplotlib
custom json encoders in /tornado
how to add group based filter for many2one field in odoo
using regex in for html tags
getting the "zero value" corresponding to a given value
how to set the timeout on httpconnection under 2.4
how do i make large datasets load quickly in?
django template - stop processing template
how do i efficiently fill a file with null data from?
what is the preferred syntax for initializing a dict: curly brace literals {} or the dict() function
calling an instance of same class inside class
argparse allow combined flags
: convert json (returned by url) into list
how to call to a handler from jquery ajax?
prompt user yes or no to restart the program or not
combine two loop into one
using pyodbc to pull data from 2 tables using unique date as reference
how to get rid of \x00 in my array of bytes?
how to inspect objects in similar way like js objects in chrome dev console?
how to search multiple files for textblocks and write those textblocks to another file
unspecified number of variables in an sql script in
how to insert blank line using restructuredtext / sphinx
using in a linux terminal
convert 3-element list of tuples to dictionary
os.path.commonprefix - is there a path oriented function?
construct a dictionary merging multiple lists
regex for multi character strings embedded in rest of match?
how to add more eggs from the command line?
tkinter convert canvas coordinate to window coordinate
dynamically parsing research data in
is there a quick way to get the r equivalent of ls() in?
how to use regular expressions to only capture a word by itself rather than in another word?
creating dynamic arguments for url_for() in flask?
flushing numpy memmap to npy file
sort rows of numpy matrix efficiently
how will create abstract model at the mongoengine?
how to write excel comments using?
converting int to byte streams in
counting recursion in a program!
one line function definition
- create directories that don't exist from list
replacing items in 1 list to items in another list in
how sigint gets passed to grandchild (and how to do this programmatically)
matplotlib conditional background color in
writing a long switch statement in a more convenient way using arrays in
how to access the password protected router page from?
: testing for unicode, and converting to time()
how to handle objects built from a web api that have references to each other?
dict in formated string
adjust right margin width to fit margin text
plotting a pandas dataseries.groupby
large functions many variables (refactoring)
regular expression match multiple words anywhere
modify or change relationship properties in py2neo
how to add wiredtiger in pymongo at collection level?
return x number of objects from cursa.objects.filter
join multiple lists into a string with %
how would i design a db to contain a set of url regexes ( ) that could be
using csrf protection with wtforms-alchemy
compound sorting in
adding is_empty to hashtable
gui events
deleting usernames and not via password in a text file
is it possible to run a shell command onto a different device?
: how to identify if a variable is an array or a scalar
add images to a children class
how do i print out a dict's name not {key:values}?
django serving a download file
how do i combine two numpy arrays element wise in?
performance comparison of using `in` vs try except in
\xyz characters in console
align text in text widget vertically
how does one get all files in a directory with a specific pattern in their names in
using a hash function as a key in a dictonary in
simple 1 line for loops
launch application from 3 then continue other code
select random date in current year
objects in memory
scipy signal find_peaks_cwt not finding the peaks accurately?
returning indexes of intersected lists with
cherrypy json vs form post
: undo a file readline() operation so file pointer is back in original state
how to have logarithmic bins in a histogram
split the code with big variable names over two lines in
how to log model inserts,updates and deletes in django
2d array to dict
and mysqldb
rtmp stream monitoring in
scheduling script to run every hour accurately
: how can i open and read files in a directory that do not have a file extension
excluding columns from a dataframe based on their mean without using a loop
weighted moving average in
how to tell mysql to trigger a hash before update/insert?
scale svg figure in html output of sphinx (rest)
how can i put a value in html and execute a code with that value as a variable
perl index function equivalent in
what is the most elegant way to initialize a dictionary consists of chars and digits
repetition of the compounds in the loop
tkinter text widget : pressing <return> key goes to line
is there a way to get a dict's keys as a list if no key is specified
append element to smallest list in dictionary of lists
adding base class to existing object in
how to normalize array numpy?
how do you put text into an array in
is there any way to jump to a specified function name using help() command in
anyone know how to calculate the area/perimeter/height of a triangle?
find matches between many lists with same length at the same position
reading numbers from a.txt file
django get_or_create, how to say commit=false
shrink down row numbers in a pandas dataframe when removing rows in
get django field "choice" from arbitrary value
how to import py file from different upper folder?
regular expression search vs match
how to create dict from date (in strings) range?
/numpy append arrays, transpose, and save as csv
using a specific column to populate tooltips in bokeh
pandas floating point issue with cumsum and division
unique values in list from another list
an array of a certain size in z3
how to generate unique equal hash for equal dictionaries?
how to get salesforce username using rest api?
outputting a list in order of shortest word to longest word ( )
what difference between pickle and _pickle in 3?
get list based on occurrences in unknown number of sublists
how to cleanly iterate over two structures at the same time?
django > form > is_unique()
how can i avoid keyboard conflict in tkinter?
call a method from a class on something created by a different method in the same class?
create png image from sparse data
join on dataframe without a key
findings letters that match in every sublist
getting to emulate user inputs in an interactive perl script
display and format django durationfield in template
gtk: instantiating a subclass of gtk.bin
on dotcloud crashes on certain functions
random strings in 2.6 (is this ok?)
writing a list into a single csv column
how to get variable's name?
need modification to regex to work in other situations
splitting list according to criteria (gender)
why does os.path.isfile seem to ignore certain file types?
p-value from t-statistic
get min int in a list of tuples of (int, string) in
flask virtualenv
checking the format/contents of a string
convert html img tags into figures with caption in latex
my code isn't executing
json - editing a.json file
how to check if url is popuped in
input yaml config values into keyword arguments for
torch lua function to return multiple values
: printing a new line after a recursive function
how can you get the indices from a regular expression match?
use excel workbook like a function
string format alignment
how do i synchronize data between an editable listctrl and a data source?
dict from list with keys
glob search files in date order?
mongoengine - how to perform a "save new item or increment counter" operation?
how do i rotate a shape in by +/- x degrees using numpy arrays?
/ pandas - gui for viewing a dataframe or matrix
regular expression to replace a character on odd repeated occurrences in
how to print scientific notation number into same scale
call.php file from.py file
using multiple css selectors for the same articleitem in scrapy
- how to update a column using value in another column as key to a defined dictionary in
is there a strongly typed csv reader in?
regex to check for phrase within first 25 characters
affect methods in subclasses by modifying superclass?
: mock patch a module wherever it is imported from
putting log files into hive
linking simpy simulation time to calendar for week day specific actions
how to generate a homogeneous poisson point process in a circle?
: is there a better way to skip the test module?
repeating function in?
draw a rectangle with two points in wx
how to prevent pycharm from formatting a line of html code
output persistent data in valid
pandas create data frame column from list
how do i loop this code?
if statement in not working with or and integers
printing in one line in 3.4
-eve hook after document is inserted
logical question - handling directories and files in them
multiprocessing locks
performance when passing huge list as argument in recursive function?
plotting isosurface with mayavi of irregularly spaced data
sqlalchemy + flask, getting all post by day
sample app for bigquery
how do i make http post requests with grequests
is it possible to implicitly assign attributes to a class, from an inherited class?
matching an optional substring in the middle of the string with a regex
how to get the width of a string in pixels?
matplotlib plots one time only
look up and replace values in a list (pandas)
mocking nested properties with mock
how can i use to add index numbers for the data saved in the text file
mysql service start time
how to run a script once per minute, but stop upon a condition?
making build --inplace without providing to setup.py build_ext
- incrementing a binary sequence while maintaining the bit length
how to transpose a sympy matrix
how to import the correct module where the name exists multiple times in site-packages
issues turning a dict element into a string to search w/ regex
pandas data frame - reduce with initial value
install packages in 2.7 in mac and use that instead of 2.6 packages
- is there a way to make all strings unicode in a project by default?
factorial calculation using
django compressor using gzip to serve script
sphinx: include xlxs data into rst
how do i get all the keys that are stored in the cassandra column family with pycassa
regex matching between two strings in
: display input as "*"
subprocess missing arguments
using scrapy to obtain data from html datastore
compound sql insert statement
selecting different values for inner dimension of hierarchical index in pandas
: thread safe dictionary with short lived keys, is this correct?
using a string for a dictionary
- return a region of a list based on calculated percentages
specific all static files which is same directory level as app.yaml
how to change font size of a label when a new string replaces the old
how do i load and run specific packages when i launch'matplotlib'?
: get data from url query string
display current process stdout in pyside qtextedit box
how to strip newlines from each line during a file read?
equivalent of __func__ (from c) in
nose test runner finding all tests except a tag
youtube url getting truncated when i run firefox from terminal
how to access attribute within a list of dicts in?
how to add the fictive method
printing a dict without the unicode
one-liner to standardise input string
how would you unpack a 32bit int in?
how to simultaneously download webpages using?
read in all csv files from a directory using
ctypes return a string from c function
tkinter button commands in loops execut always last command
extract code from code directive from restructuredtext using docutils
scrapy keep all unique pages based on a list of start urls
: how to pass a index range as parameter
django query / iteration issue
creating message box as sheets for mac in pyqt
transform a dictionary from key:value to value:number of occurences
getting the correct colours for pcolormesh
batch convert of flac files
regex to extract paragraph
how can i move each value in a data frame column into its own column?
django test runner not finding test methods
powersets in using itertools
module __init__ function
generating compiled tkinter code
find particular rows in graphlab or
django/ how to connect to a webservice by posting a json
initialise or append dictionary list in
redirect interactive help()
filter out sentences in a list that don't contain particular words
can you choose what files frozen-flask freezes?
clear the screen code?
kivy/pyjnius: get android.app.application object of my app
returning values to other functions
google app engine after refresh from datastore
how can i grab the table data for select rows in beautifulsoup
how to index with a list of values with only one label in a pandas multiindex
regex replace
fastest way to search through iterable chain combinations
ftp files thread or multiprocess
pymysql syntax when using two tables
solving for unknown in bit-wise algebra
algorithm for generating a bracket model list in
creating a new input event dispatcher in pyglet (infra red input)
pandas groupby access last group
how does setuptools decide which files to keep for sdist/bdist?
extracting same lines from two files while disregarding lower/uppercase
editing the contents of tuples
beautifulsoup - check if elements have specific class
how do i sum tuples in a list where the first value is the same?
change the colorbar width
how to memorize a portion of string when it match a regex?
unable to put a variable in's print
syntax and legibility for sequential steps that are sub-items
how to create a scrollable screen in text mode with
pyside/pyqt qtreewidget font color
write a program that prints a nested loop in
encoding characters with urllib.quote
sending json post request with
how to enumerate all objects and get they attribute?
optimize iteration throught numpy array
mac 10.9.4 imagetk module import not working "no module named imagetk
django_tables2: add an edit and delete button next to each row
simple regex to find two words
how to find all ways from up to down in list use
- how can idynamically create a function with a name based on a string read in
blender performance issues with generating uv spheres
- random forest - iteratively adding trees
reading docx files with
qtpy qcalendarwidget on arrow clicked
only displaying fields with a record in web2py
/imaplib - how to get messages' labels?
find all products produced by 2 unique elements of an array ( )
compare strings in like the sql "like" (with "%" and "_")
merge two pandas data frames of different length but keep all rows in output data frame
mocking numpy structured arrays
: indexing of same values in a list
perl's equivalent of's hash (or's hashcode) function?
pandas memoization
pandas dataframe manipulation
using pipeline with sklearn
easiest way to wrap a canvas tag + script in a program?
string interpolation in
how to pass a function and its arguments through a wrapper function in r? similar to *args
plotting line segments from the set of startpoints and endpoints
writing xlwt dates with excel 'date' format
django - variable declared in base project does not appear in app
how to add multiple value to a dictionary key in
variable names based on a parsed string
how do i get user input (int) to sum
making objects from a csv file
assertionerror: view function mapping is overwriting an existing endpoint function: main
list of tuples (string, float)with nan how to get the min value?
how to merge values of dict in a list of dictionaries
how to assign new values to variables in predefined equation?
how to update multiple rows with single mysql query in?
numerical integration for unevenly spaced intervals,
strip text except from the contents of a tag
pandas dataframe columns convert to dict key and value
breaking a url generated w/ several variables back into components
django, queryset filter manytomanyfield
what is this code doing?
order results based on select options? like 'best match', 'time ending soonest', etc
typeerror: unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'int' and 'intervalmap
how to use codecs to convert from one language to a utf-8 encoded document?
ffmpeg - output images in memory instead of disk
writing data to excel iteratively
search algorithm from implied graphs
django: create a queryset
creating a list with 2 entries for each element of an iterator
using rich text editor in django admin with tinymice
plotting stem with a continuous line
pandas, widen output display?
how do i get integers from a tuple in?
quick thought regarding.split()
pyramid: how to get id of just created db row?
best strategy for merging a lot of data frames using pandas
grouping tuples that share elements into separate lists
iterative printing over two data types in
miscalculation of big floating point numbers in gcc, and google calculator
is there an elegant way of seeing whether an entire string consists of nothing but matches?
how to use encoding utf-8.py instead of cp1252.py in
how to obtain html-free contents for non-div tags
: for loop with files, how to grab the next line within forloop?
how do i change nesting function's variable in the nested function
binary matrix multiplication with or instead of sum
find php string concatenation using regex
pandas: ignore all lines following a specific string when reading a file into a dataframe
is there any way i can call excel vba function through?
how can i get initial data in createview, django
nested hash vs hash
rendering html title attributes with flask-wtforms field description
opening, randomizing, writing a list of lines in 2.7.6.1
ic way to find key of weighted minimum and maximum from a dictionary
traversing directories
can someone help me with my program keeping a counter in
reusing code from different i notebooks
numpy bitwise operator priority?
how do i get all blobs at all levels in a container?
lists beginner
3.0.1 executable creator
pygame physics rectange - circle collision
how to plot timestamps in using matplotlib?
installing module within code
take a file directory consisting of files and write all files to a folder with different names in another
tkinter checkbutton and event callback function
slow array operation in
django filter data from multiple models
what does django-admin.py startproject do exactly?
custom related name for a django model parent link?
maya + pyqt dialog. how to run a single copy of qt window?
broadcasting linalg.pinv on a 3d matrix
vim: sort multiline imports
: while loop check throughout loop if true
how to make multiple web2py apps use the same layout.html?
extract a part of url -
how to replace part of string via regex with saving part of pattern?
how to change djangobb idea of a base url?
filter combined date and time in django
what is the best way to repeatedly execute a function every x seconds in?
download files from a list if not already downloaded
how to read text file with 1ah char in it?
set scale of axis in plot using matplotlib
replace specific character from the list of string
ordering dataframe according to a list, matching one of the columns in pandas
attempting to calculate total in views - displaying blank in template
how do i get pandas.replace to work only on specified column?
r's read.table equivalent in
login process using ajax and refresh the whole page after successful login
scrapy and submitting a script form
append list with dict in django
how do you make a sphinx doc with one.py file with only functions?
one-line way to iterate over a list of classes and examine a single attribute
how to prevent printing output of raw_input()?
replace values with lists in
: logging into website with using get request
is there a way to populate a form with a querystring?
django: a custom view inside /static/ directory
: how to convert markdown formatted text to text
is the data in xlsx cells string?
retrieve from database dynamically to tkinter gui
navbar is not showing in bootstrap django
when calling a script from a php script, temporary file that is created on a console run
clear buffered input stream
wx disable frame resizing
django: order by field of many-to-many relation
: force two zeroes after dot when converting float to string
& maya: creating follicles at selected vertexs
: run one function until another function finishes
getting a large number (but not all) wikipedia pages
what is the right way to assign/reassign a reference to an object in 2.x
how to print multiple values from beautifulsoup with
how can change my open "mode" options for "open". r+a maybe?
run list of functions untill one passes
re-list a item from a nested list
using ecf shared editing with
check whether all possible combinations from a list appear in an attribute of objects in another list
- inheriting parent class
how to delete all instance names in a list?
how can i find whether there is any file in a directory or not with
what should i put in requirements file for pip to pick the correct git branch?
how to store a list in a file and get it back
mayavi, axes indicator
read multiple times lines of the same file
adding multiple inline parts to an email
problems with django deployment
deleting duplicate items in a list or dictionary
map string split list
how can make my django datetime field to display seconds
list with xyz values to dictionary
keep pygtk button from resizing on label change
neo4j / py2neo -- create `relationship` in transaction?
given a subset of attributes on a class instance, increment one randomly
beautifulsoup equivalent to lxml make_links_absolute
pandas: left outer join where (on) 2 conditions that match
append csv by row from two lists in?
definition of a function with a list in
how to get a window or fullscreen screenshot in 3k? (without pil)
django bounded forms in class based views - createview class
comprehension and variables scope
3: how do i.join() input() with a string?
performance tips -- loop involving comparisons
best way to randomize a list of strings in
handling output of socket recv
make a scatter colorbar display only a subset of the vmin/vmax
in, how can i prohibit class inheritance?
understanding the set() function
2.7.10 tkinter curly brackets around text in textbox
displaying item in dictionary in html on new line
how can i get previous month and year using
dynamically importing a base class in
splitting integers and string from a value
web scraping a problem site
how to calculate the statistics "t-test" with numpy
: trouble accessing class variables of another class
how to simply handle the request with
affinity matrix calculation using numpy
replace all special characters and spaces with single '-'
abstracting exisiting django models
how to generate group based columns faster?
insert different variable (pulled from dictionary) into url within a loop
creating hyperlinks in
: how to hash a string into 8 digits?
creating a variable number of class instances
extract contents of the div?
colour picking from a curvy line
distance calculation in geopy
bottle put equivalent to post for data
what is the best practices for checking if the user of a script has root-like privileges
how to have a type check for a string
does monkey patching in affect direct imports?
searching k nearest neighbors in numpy
- dividing a list-of-lists to groups
how to create a list of tuples?
print space after each word
how to check if there is a repeated value in a list and get that value
regex to capture option and string following it from a menu
getting first prime in a list of random numbers
different name of unpacked tar.gz folder using tarfile.extractall()
conforming dataframe dtypes between read_excel() and to_excel()
how to ignore characters with regex
is there an elegant way to create a dictionary of arrays?
unicodedecodeerror when reading a text file
query a set with an regex
minidom firstchild.data ignore part of string (date + time + timezone) drop timezone
dumbdbm, when will data be written back to disk?
embedding pyqtgraph in qt without generating new window
extract a substring that starts with "http" and ends with ".mp3" from a string
saving a cross-validation trained model in scikit
3 - initiating a list with multiple dictionaries
urllib2.urlopen chinese in windows
socket set source port number
gtkcombobox.remove_all(): how to prevent changed signal to be triggered
how to insert a column to a list of lists in
how can i detect whether the http and https service is ok in?
conditionally replace elements of an array depending on the contents of another array
- rolling functions for groupby object
automatically filling some web forms?
find elements of a list that contain substrings from another list in
py2neo - how to get around iterating the record object returned from cypher queries to access
function with too many arguments with default values, how to make it cleaner?
scan for secured pdf documents
get date in future (x) days, and hours left to date?
how to zip two arrays without truncating to the shortest array?
call set property when property missing
static methods - how to call a method from another method
how to wait for execution in other window in
hiding buttons via script
fabric - passing arguments to tasks via execute
piping output between two subprocesses
appending data to csv file
how can i find the highest poker hand from a 9 card hand between 4 players?
calling functions passed by weakref
how to import a file by its full path using c api?
is there a way to manage authentication for web services with flask?
im being asked to to initialize a list, l_counts with as many 0 as characters in
printing a string with a little delay between the chars
django simle model implementation
finding a value by looping, multiple files
preserving concatenated elements in a str to list conversion
pyqt4.qtwebkit + background transparency
in, how to check if there are any duplicates in list
count the number of occurences of letters in a string
finding the last time a particular numpy array has a value
assigning multiple values to multiple variables in a single line
spawning wsgi example (practical approach to wsgi)
+ matplotlib: how to make xtick markers symmetric over the axis?
how to compile multiple files in cython
how to pass data between django views
sorting dictionary based on number of items in list
how to find how many ethernet cards are in my computer?
detecting when a script is being run interactively in i
making custom classes xlsxwriter friendly
how to get the same data.frame with data.frame in pandas module of?
write text file from text files
pyqt: how to remove elements from a qvboxlayout?
gui (glade) to display output of shell process
algebraic expressions in
slicing numpy array into two parts
finding indexes of an element
django recursive relationship: how to remove object from manager object
possible to use conditional execution in fabric?
is line wrap comment possible in?
control+number tkinter binding
replace only few characters from list
pandas plot x or index_column in descending order
random number in label in 3 and tkinter
webdriver - - how many elements in a drop-down menu
returning / restarting program in 3.x
how to make inline plots in jupyter notebook larger?
how to remove text outside tags xml
how exactly does this work sum()?
specifying attributes from nose.run() or nose.main()
function in a class that is not a method
: how can i rename a dictionary item and still use it as case statement option?
getting information which qlabel clicked in pyqt
how can i return a list of objects within a tuple in?
django foreign key query
script to view "netstat" command periodically and print any changes in different outputs?
unicode-escape: use only \unnnn codes, no \xnn
compare sum of column values in
hitting url's stored in a variable in
skip first line with stdin?
how do i find out what libraries are installed on my mac?
draw rectangle (add_patch) in pylab mode
monkey patch __del__ to new function
replace regular expression match with result of applying a function
sqlalchemy: check if object is already present in table
make a numpy array monotonic without a loop
splitting list/array in kth item and non-kth item
how to create a pure- wheel
parameterizing column name
plot peaks on matplotlib.image.axesimage object
django querydict empty with request.post but populated in request.get
with statement: storing context
matplotlib histograms (basic questions)
min heap in
casting regex arguments into a list
how to search a multiple-word-string (exact match) in a string?
disable special "class" attribute handling
making a list of strings with 2 parameters. 3.3
why do imghdr test functions take the file as an argument?
returning the first item in a list which is contained in another list
and ^ operator
automagically expanding a list with formatted output
prevent zipfile writing directory to archive
maximum allowed value for a numpy data type
multidimensional indexing and mapping
how can i store collection of objects in django
- search a list for items in another list
how to write a django view to search in database?
how to get a subset of a two-dimensional array?
implement serialport.write in
: single quotes showing up in my database
how to assign minimum time wait to connect socket
empty a dictionary subclass in
/ communication via message broker
instantiating classes in - setting attributes
insert numpy nd array to a mysql table
3: str.join() with seperator
getting user_id from tweet using json module in
sorting function in
numpy ndarray subclass: ufunc don't return scalar type
how does exec("dir /w"); function work in imagej?
get the timestamp of the start of a day (local time)
need help on regarding lists and extracting numbers.
pygtk: how to unpack boxes
how to make http request to php-fpm using unix socket rather than tcp/ip stack
why is my program faster than the one using a built in function?
self syntax in
how to remove a lot of folders at once using?
mapping dummy variables in pandas data frame
how do you delete a lines within a file where range is determined using regular expressions in?
scraping landing pages of a list of domains
how do you find which key in a dictionary has the longest list of values?
arbitrary joins in django models
iterating over a 2 dimensional list
in db data is not inserting from django
solving the invalid name for module warning in pydev
find out the biggest odd number from three arguments in a function [ ]
is it possible to index nested lists using tuples in?
does has a similar library like quantmod in r that can download financial statement data?
requests from google return in hebrew
django is_ajax history back
validate with three xml schemas as one combined schema in lxml?
more specific searching in sqlite3 for
how to make a tkinter gui output screen following a database search
setting a datetime in to utcnow - 30
how to check if ssh connection was established with aws instance
skipping over values in a generator function
flask - pass data from different functions to same template
how do i get this json into a list or dictionary?
filter data using max value
how to get a variable to equal one of the strings within a list in
writing a set plus a formatted string to a csv?
how was the syntax chosen for static methods in?
igraph in : relation between a vertexdendrogram object and vertexclustering object
make list of unique objects in
matplotlib tex label adds/removes whitespace
dataframe merge with more than 1 index
traitsui variable number of items in view
querying web api in 2.7
pymongo/mongodb: query if an element in an array of mongodb object
django many-to-many on existing form
script array with default values (equivalent of's defaultdict)?
how to check if a filefield has been modified in the admin of django?
strip every double quote from csv
- get last item in a list, using a file
pyqt gui application packaging for ubuntu
how do i add multiple "not like '%?%' in the where clause of sqlite3
how to check for duplicates in a string but not replace them?
easy way for finding elements in a np.array and replacing them
conditional expression in pytables where method
win32com outlook htmlbody formatting directory incorrectly
how to reverse a sentence with a while loop
is there a way to substring a string in?
beginner - 2.7.2, arcgis 10.1 multiple 'or' conditions, same action
what is wrong with my nested loops in?
is there a way to view the source of a module from within the console?
partial derivative in
how to check str int list and tuple?
merging tuples with identical items within a tuple in
can class attributes be additive?
how to save a dictionary to a file with key values one per line?
can i automatically change my path when activating/deactivating a virtualenv?
iterate through list and array
probabilistic hough transform in opencv 2.4.9 ( )
wrap long lines in
turn hist2d output into contours in matplotlib
render html strings in flask templates
sudoku obfuscated -> perl translation
run putty command from
friendly termination of gunicorn to keep open connections?
returning a numpy array as a csv from flask
: select a specific line from text
convert string to class object?
gtk: scrollable grid with clickable images
how do i run multiple subprocesses in parallel and wait for them to finish in
parse timezone from a human time input
in pylongs, is there a way to loop through all the controllers and actions?
how do i stop each letter from printing on different line?
timing a program with threads
os x - deciding between anaconda and homebrew environments
parse url like requets.request.url which prepared
random.randint for non integer number? [ ]
, how to use part of function outside function
: how do i write a xls file line-by-line through a loop?
how to plot 1-d data at given y-value with pylab
nested list comprehensions: if/for, not for/if
search and replace using regular expressions in
autocomplete in i with pandas seems to be broken
using pandas to iteratively add columns to a dataframe
how to separate a integral values
ndb, querying across multiple models. appengine
how to remove kivy loading section?
why is the scheduled function never called?
creating multiple variables in a loop
compare two lists from sql in and show result using pandas.io
how to count the amount of prices
including handlebars templates within a django generated page
: add a value to the end of the inner-most right nested list
count all that satisfy a condition in
regex tokenizer: split text into words, digits, punctuation, and spacing (do not delete anything
how to create multiple pandas time series from a data frame using?
how to remove value from gae ndb property (type blobkeyproperty)
flask jsonencoder set ensure_ascii to false
network path and variables in
saving text color to a text file in?
if and bitwise & on the same line
daemon in background in
how do i specify the default install path of an msi in cx_freeze and distutils?
recursive postorder traversal to list in?
can you call a function that returns in the context of the caller?
installation/use of dask.array on 3
install different versions of packages and access via shell command?
searching a file for a list of regexs,
trimming matplotlib power spectrum chart
regex - match optional groups
write a text file named copy_success.txt with content "copy done"
default sub-command, or handling no sub-command with argparse
why does cv2.rectangle return none instead of an image?
django - sort queryset by backwards related model's field
pandas read_csv like functionality from list to a dataframe?
how to get content-type from selenium page_source
extract first and last row of a dataframe in pandas
: set with only existence check?
does sqlalchemy have an equivalent of django's get_or_create?
going one directory behind using os in
select cells randomly from numpy array - without replacement
how to generate random ipv6 address using (or in scapy)?
get all combinations of numbers
django mvc pattern for non database driven models?
issues using a variable in monkeyrunner's ".installpackage()"
what is the pip equivalent to easy_install/ez_setup's --install-dir
how to sort a list by the nth element in v2.3?
how do i rewrite this url in django?
beautifulsoup unable to extract data using attrs=class
how to solve a pair of nonlinear equations using?
xpath get the third tr and more in a table
define a long list of variables in
`document.lastmodified` in
gtk.scrolledwindow without horizontal scroll bar
- input from list of tuples
how to get arrow heads tip to start/end at specified coordinates in?
how to write symbol in csv file?
dividing a string into list according to the format given
how to get column 0 text from a ttk.treeview's item
trouble with while loop in function
save form data on every step using django formwizard
'id' is a bad variable name in
how to access list of dicts
how do i disallow comments from anonymous users?
auto truncation of a tkinter label
how to use ordered dicts in mako templates?
simple first_name last_initial when last_name could be blank
parsing a tab-separated file with missing fields
how to mock _auto_now?
upgrade to dev version of scikit-learn on anaconda?
kernel32 library via excel com in
programming error in, how do i parse values of a tuple in a table with sql query
adding links to another cell using the xlwt module for
trouble with copying dictionaries and using deepcopy on an sqlalchemy orm object
how do i find the highest value and swap it with the end value in an array?
csv seek() not working
why doesn't the program print anything
: join print with previous printed line
findall regex
resizing image algorithm in
grep look for a pattern and then a number of lines before
bitarray reverse complement
split text into lines by the number of characters
how do you refresh a google oauth access token using simple http?
: nested dictionary duplicate values
: check whether a network interface is up
"\b" acting improperly in string
how to read continous http streaming data in?
special characters in strings: concatenation in awk
using enumerate to iterate over a dictionary of lists to extract information
getting unique rows conditioned on year pandas dataframe
/flask: route with dynamic first component
forward rtsp stream to remote socket (rtsp proxy?)
django saving http_referer to use it as landingpage information
issue in creating a html file from beautiful soup
watch long running process, alert after so many minutes?
convert date to json date string in
postgres advisory locks not working
converting image code to c#
matplotlib control which plot is on top
making the cmd window to appear while executing an.exe created by py2exe
lightweight dbal for
how to store search results for localization
choosing color in matplotlib contour maps
using github with secret keys
autogenerate dummy documentation in the source code for in eclipse
pyqt sort list of radio buttons
decimal to json
randomly shuffle a sparse matrix in
scanning a class c network
sum the values of a nested for loops
what does this notation do for lists in : "somelist[:]"?
how to limit the queryset of an inline model in django admin
converting sql data into a qtextdocument and then outputting a pdf
multiprocessing process doesn't run
- configuring multiple buttons at once in tk
get a list of the 1-element swap from an array in
restricted assignment in's list comprehensions?
disable the interactive-search popup of gtktreeview
multiple user created modules from a directory not in path using just command window (anaconda 3)
how do i get index of line
two the same type arguments in one class method in
: remove duplicate tuples from list if they are exactly the same including order of items
make a list out of items in a sublist of a multidimensional list ( )
how to change order for tkinter binds
is there a programmatic way to transform a sequence of image files into a pdf?
split by \b when your regex engine doesn't support it
from excel to splitted structures
mplot3d: contourf offset, limits and ticks
assign values to next digits
optimizing regular expression techniques
comparing random and urandom
operating on a file's content despite a failure in the 'with' block
how to save a temporarily jpg file by using?
rar all file in directory, each file different directory
how to get the intersection of geometry of two qwidgets with different parents?
re question - proper state initial formatting
sorting by specific column data using.csv in
what is the most performant way to check existance of a number in a set of numbers in
problem encoding accented characters with
why does this recursive summation function return none?
django modelform with admin widgets
: parsing timestamps embedded in filenames
returning different values based on where function is called from in
object to accept len function to run against it
gae webapp2 output formatting
properties and string formatting
how to quit a program in in if
get response from an ip address in
how to access a nested comprehensioned-list
- enable access control on simple http server
django: how to map different words to specific charfield entries (should be a simple answer)
nested loop and file io
creating class objects in a function and retaining them
how to add to the middle of a list without removing anything?
how to select with ease several circular areas in a square array?
parse html using lxml in
how to make sure queue is empty before exiting main thread
django json serialise
best method to determine which of a set of keys exist in the datastore
replace a string in file in it's original place
3 - reading html line by line and finding the right word
what happened to types.classtype in 3?
pdb set_trace not working
beautiful soup and extracting values
how to add a value to a specific line in a file in?
vim: how to access the redo-register
is there a way to start android emulator in travis ci build?
tkinter photoimage constructor
create a qmenubar under qtabwidget tabs
avoid 0 and others to count as false
use switch case?
convert string into integer separated by space
where to start with parsing json?
regular expression to split blocks of text with varying newline separation
- list manipulation (hidden intervals within)
- how to trick anti adblock filter while scraping?
include a url in a django template tag
splitting lines in a text file into separate entries in a list?
list - how to find number of times an item appears
function definition like range
finding all classes that derive from a given base class in
how to make an executable file in?
how do i connect to program from another program on another computer?
can you append a string and a number as a single entry to a list in?
how do i export pdf file attachments via
how to group pandas dataframe entries by date in a non-unique column
setting the save file directory and arrays
permanently replace values in a list using
get list from a string
regex matching string
how to change font size in ttk.button?
network compression for / mongo
using bottle.py to print on browser
get unit test duration in seconds
: create a list of dictionaries using a list comprehension
extract the data from a web page which has more textual content using beautifulsoup in
flask: passing parameters across view functions
how do i retrieve the output of a previous command and save it in a variable inside the
sending large file to pipe input in
getting data and decoding it gives rare characters
changing a comparison function to use keys for sorting
multiple if conditions on dataframe columns in
remove duplicates from array
how to retrieve sql result column value using column name in?
how can i yield a value from within a callback to a calling generator
threading performance degradation when handling pixels
sqlalchemy with count, group_by and order_by using the orm
create uuids for unique key-value pairs while preserving dict integrity
checking for the existence of a key in request.args in flask
django: getting m2m related objects in signals
how to avoid ^c getting printed after handling keyboardinterrupt
threading/multiprocessing in
how to concatenate lxml string with another string in
limit the maximum amount of memory sqlite3 uses
how do i send a file with sockets in?
end parent process from thread
how to make all the handlers(pages) on a google app engine website https
how to select columns from r dataframe in rpy2 in?
sum intersection of two lists in
django authentication issue after reseting password
in, return specific item in list of tuples, using bisect
how to invert the dataframe with respect to another same size dataframe?
efficient way of removing keys of certain prefix from dictionary
is there a way to concatenate two arrays in c++ and return them?
return instance of one to one field
globally replace login_url of login_required in django
decodes json
django multiple included forms with foreign key
can you create a value referenced with dot "."
google datastore: get_by_id with an ancestor
sorting a list of ipv4network and ipv6network objects
extracting first n columns of a numpy matrix
program in doesn't match equal words
django application deployment help
return a specific dict from a list of dicts
slice a binary number into groups of five digits
irc bot make loop sleep without interrup the main loop
sqlalchemy in clause
how to extract variables from expression
install vim via homebrew with and 3 support
extracting columns from numpy array
getting the content of a window to a text file
script arguments not parsed correctly when script called from popen()
joining elements in a list according to length -
change virtualenv save location
numpy/ scipy exact derivative?
pandas skipping x tick labels
deleting duplicates in list of lists in 2.7
setting timezone in tornado
better way to write this "double-barreled list" in
how do you know how many arguments a function retrieved via getattr() take?
convert string to binary in
poster buffer size
a good ic way to map bits to characters in?
regex that would give certain words
2d heat map using matplot lib
choosing a file in with simple dialog
execute a list of process without multiprocessing pool map
how to append a "timer" inline with a print statement?
getting chrome's download directory with chromedriver
is it good practice to pass a module as an argument
conditional over a time duration
how to convert a numpy array from 'float64' to 'float'
check prime, stuck at one point
want to pass the password from the shell script for the scp command for transferring the file from
can a decorated function access variables of the decorator
subprocess.call and tar -zxvf
how to copy a file using?
how do i find and remove white specks from an image using scipy/numpy?
how to freeze a row and a columns in an excel file using xlsxwriter in
django group by to find the count
: how to add a column to a pandas dataframe between two columns?
change the color of line in buffer using vim+
what is the most efficient way to create a pixelated game with kivy?
my program does not return a value?
fast transliteration for arabic text with
add 2 hours and 1 day onto a timestamp in django
how to specify linewidth in seaborn's clustermap dendrograms
numpy.memmap to image.frombuffer - without copying
scope of list changes done in a function to called function
how to use dynamic modules with file browser?
calculation to get page count based on # of items
bittorrent sync log parsing using
os.urandom and byte representation
how to create a db file in sqlite3 using a schema file from within
solving an equation for a variable
comparing two lists
add dictionary values together when duplicated
what is the equivalent of `set -x` in shell?
sum slices of consecutive values in a numpy array
asking the user what kind of function they want
retrieving string from file in and changing tuples
: executing the windows command in windows command prompt from script
how to convert time object to minutes in
c# scripting ( )
: turtle - (exit)onclick while in infinite loop?
what is the equivalence of "type(<name>, <bases>, <dict>)"
best way to get script as an executable file?
repeating csv file
__setattr__ only for names not found in the object's attributes`?
change the file extension for files in a folder in
sort single column numpy arrays using another numpy array in
split a string by separator in
parse through variable in
how do i grab input with tkinter from an entry field?
how to load a large rgb image in?
scrape specific table element with scrapy
selecting rows in csv file by splitting string on specific charater in
parsing multiple files in an xml-like format
correct approach for calling a function regardless of parameter type
numpy mean with condition
using to map keys and data type in kwargs
passing a dictionary to another function
launching vs2008 build from
capture the value of an element on a web page using the coordinates of the element
printing items in two separate lists in proper alignment using
elasticsearch-dsl @timestamp in response
how to monkeypatch's datetime.datetime.now with py.test?
how can i escape the format string?
confused on this regular expression pattern in
how does one retrieve and manipulate ndb structuredproperty objects?
compare elements in different lists in
find an item in a list of lists by multiple elements
profile a script using cprofile into an external file
printing post request
convert human to timestamp
plot gaussian between points
parsing json object sent with ajax get method in django
how to get part.get_filename(), encoding type?
numpy - fastest way to build 2d array with permuted copies of numpy 1d array
how to use e.g. co2 as a label on django
idiom to skip first line that match condition
how can i add a column from one dataframe to another dataframe?
to check if sublist exists in another list
how to readjust defaultdict(list)s -
how to modify the reverse url for get?
access local classvariable from inherited instance
how to concatenate bits in
how do i schedule a process' termination?
fill a dictionary without using try except
django form for model referenced by foreign keys
traveling salesman assignment
make my.py file importable from any directory
tools for implementing a watchdog timer in
writing into a file without overwriting
getting min and max date's from a pandas dataframe
xlrd data extraction
how to cipher a string with info from a txt file?
get time stamp on a automatic saved text file
how to authenticate hashed(sha1) password in?
how to open interactive brokers' tws from within
flask: get urls for each view class in module
how do i to turn my.tar.gz file into a file-like object for shutil
in tkinter is there any way to make a widget not visible?
help retrieving product code from html using beautiful soup
how to access a nested dict without knowing sub-dicts names
have emacs edit docstrings using rst-mode
calculating subsets of a given list recursively
have a list of tuples with strings, want to turn into a single string in
sqlalchemy filter by count column
binary search (bisection) in
i'm making a function to check if input is a date
a more ic approach to the following algorithm
efficient way of toggling on/off print statements in?
restoring the default display context in pandas
finding frequent string patterns using
wrapping std::vector of boost::shared_ptr in swig for
how to display a system notification in?
hash function that protects against collisions, not attacks. (produces a random uuid-size
find index of string in list
read in raw binary image in
adding numbers to a list using variable
optimal way of defining constants in a function
and read text file that contains lists with strings and numbers
library to programmatically generate source code?
save 2-d gaussian_kde output/meshgrid to csv
how to get an entry.bind and a button do the same thing?
compare two fields in django without f objects
several variables/functions resutl same line
efficient colorization of numpy matrix by value?
adding metadata to existing objects
how to make a list of lists in
evaluating dictionary value during json serialization
jsonschema, validating object keys with a custom function
multiplying all combination in lists in
sheet of paper in millimeters
regex matching doc comment for a specific method ( )
what is for what 'explode' is for php?
adding bom (unicode signature) while saving file in
checking flow in graphs
what does'self.variable = self' means in
parse a string with multiple delimiters
repeat a csr_matrix row over axis 0 to create a matrix
: how to have a dictionary which can be accessed from all the app
virtualenv check environment
find a file from a list with a particular modified date
/tkinter: getting the full event name?
passing text through a dictionary in
using a class-object's function output later in the program [ 2.7]
preventing dictionary from mutating
put several intengers into a list to get the maximum number
how do i make a menu that does not require the user to press [enter] to make
how to find the central point of a region segmented by watershed?
regex speed - greedy vs. non-greedy
simple syntax for bringing a list element to the front in?
how to enable track_scores in elasticsearch-dsl
remove symbolic link to development version
eager loading of non-singleton collections
output of command to list using
why can't i sort this list?
: writing a csv output file of a tuple-valued dictionary
what objects are guaranteed to have different identity?
django : iterate over a query set without cache
sqlalchemy models attribute operations and db access
write input of string in list in
removing a small number of lines from a large file
, response and if statement
how is the module search path determined on mac os x?
sorting problem
parsing a range of urls using urllib2 or beautifulsoup
how do i set default variables for bound forms?
from a combination, get subsets with members containing the same first element,
how do i find a supplied field in jira-
named and default arguments class arguments in
where can i find the admin code for uploading an image in django?
convert file to hex string
how to properly generate summarizing text files in
change the signs of the elements in a matrix if all rows contain at least one negative element
dictionary with base content
webapp2: redirect back
function input with variable length
reading in from a file and drawing
: histogram with area normalized to something other than 1
sort the lists in a dictionary with lists as values
how to remove day from datetime index in pandas?
sorting ordereddict in "heavily nested" structure
regex for capturing dates in url
how can i store a.chm help file as text with?
how to put a function and arguments into queue?
how do i have user's response to raw_input( ) access a string of the
generating color ranges in
how can i strip unwanted characters from a string in?
eval backward print __dict__ syntaxerror: invalid syntax
using web.py on appengine
django orm - dynamically add when to case
how do you design filter function to be able to sort using addition attribute?
sql query for distinct user id on the basis of highest column value
passing vim functions to vim's inbuilt
how to add extra whitespace between section header and a paragraph
filtering signal: how to restrict filter that last point of output must equal the last point of input
getting list of connected entities using ndb keyproperty
why don't my qicons show in my qmenu when i run my pyqt application as
tkinter text tags select/user highlight colour
getting index of a certain element in a 2d numpy array
how should i break this long line?
replace some tokens(strings) from a tex file with values from a dictionary in?
: shift elements in a list with constant length
how do i write a decorator for my django/ view?
tkinter binding event from controller
multiple lines user input in command-line application
: format multitline strings with variables
: split amount into thousands and lakhs
arangodb verify _users password
output variable value in a string
pivot table to dictionary
: how to test if potential variable names are in the namespace?
handling multiple end-users using threading in
how can i change the template for different urls
3: get rid of single quotes automatically added in a dictionary to pass it as a mongodb query
classification based on list of words
how calculate diff in
design advice
what to reference in the shebang 26 or 2.6
how should i arrange my data?
how to prevent overwriting an object someone else has modified
how to return the highest value from a multi dimensional array?
defaultdict, counting a list not working
widgets on created window appear on parent window instead
double for loop
manager for a user profile to create and delete both user and the profile
py2exe & img2py - images missing after compiling
+ arduino with mac os x
how many base or metadata instances do you need in sqlalchemy?
- calling wrapper function after naming function it wraps
installing numpy rpm with older version
activating an existing virtualenv through bash
pandas groupby: storing only indexes
access an item in listproperty
sort array by another positions array
get first non-empty string from a list in
- can a class act like a module?
iterate over matrices in numpy
avoid permutations when searching for coincident data
: find a certain character and get substring
equivalent from c# matchobject.value in?
read file until specific line in
removing specific html tags with
how to write a pandas series to csv as a row, not as a column?
: save objects in a file
wx animation - tween animation
using sst framework, how do you click a link by css class or xpath?
how do i do a jointplot in r the same way as i do it (se
regular expression strings with consecutive variables
sqlite3: how to use like and? to do partial matching?
why does qtreeview not fire a drop or move event during drag and drop?
: range operation with list
create a new variable as named from input in?
giving indices to list entries
slicing a numpy array along a dynamically specified axis
testing a function call inside the function using unittest framework
how to print the output of code in vim buffer?
command line options with optional arguments in
how to access a global variable from c?
django admin inline display but foreign key has opposite relation
how to serve up dynamic content via django and php on same domain?
opposite of trim in
finding indices given condition in numpy matrix
google app engine stringlist property on database
sqlalchemy - how to get an object, and filter which rows in the child class
count number of times certain characters appears in list
randomizing script for hexchat irc client, in or perl
how to compare individual characters in two strings in 3
complex subsorts on dictionary of arrays with unicode
exclude documents from query with duplicate fields value
deleting duplicates but leaving one according to sorting in a different column
parsing a huge file
copying iterators and producing unordered self-cartesian product
replace space with hyphen using regular expression
convert function arguments that are floats to numpy array
returns on calling class object
creating multiple variables during each iteration of for loop and executing tk commands on them
: how do i change this code so that i can dowork() once in every 60
are gae instances limited to 10 concurrent request?
pandas set cell format in excel writer
django tastypie - filtering tomanyfield resource with url parameter
app engine debug/dev mode
global variable from a library not yet initialized when used
obtaining keyword for matching string in
, tkinter: how to get coordinates on scrollable canvas
creating a puzzle
how to convert country names to iso 3166-1 alpha-2 values, using
averaging geo data in 2d with pandas
convert datetime to oracle number
dynamic variable name in
automatically generate document title from string list with
how to make a regex?
programming a number theory programme
read specific number of lines in
creating sequential sublists from a list
list expression
how to connect a variable to entry widget?
are randomforestregressor features handles as categories?
multiple format specifiers in one expression
write() file by inserting dict in specific key order and format
find_all with camelcase tag names with beautifulsoup 4
from list of tuples, find tuple with max value for a certain index, where the rest of
permutating on list
open explorer on a file
what is the syntax for adding the reduce part of a map/reduce pair in the view
sorting data in one.txt file from highest to lowest and printing it to another text file
detect a script's name in the list of processes
exclude items from one list based on second list in
pandas read from csv and write back. floats saving differing values
how to order a list of tuples by the integer value of a certain index of each, in
, convert non-ascii to ascii based on look-up dictionary
how do i un-escape a backslash-escaped string in?
use to read console output from a swig generated function
how to read and parse xml without schema in?
how to deal with circular imports in tastypie
how can i securely pass an arbitrarily deep path to a webapp (flask, in
how do i add spaces in my program accordingly?
if condition not met in 10 seconds then do this else do that [unityscript]
updating value in iterrow for pandas
-requests and meteor / mongodb collectionapi update not working
100 projects in - reverse string alternate answer
ngroups_max staying at 16 for solaris
matplotlib: add legend for a colormap
django queryset with year(date) = '2010'
how to write a function max_and_min that accepts a tuple containing integer elements as an
reconstructing absolute urls from relative urls on a page
django, how to display data with space in input box?
.arff files with scikit-learn?
splitting multiple lined text file into a single list?
how do i allow through-the-web controller scripts to import otherwise restricted modules? pl
word boundary regex search using pymongo
how to make document names to be clickable hyperlinks?
how do i reach cookie information in requests?
efficient way to find if a short string is present in a longer string in
closure + oop
how to add a pair to a dictionary in?
indexing a list
can i read new data from an open file without reopening it?
return all alarms from aws instead of only 50 using describe_alarms on
extracting only words from html pages
is there a zip-like method in.net?
how to use twistedweb with django on windows
match last occurence with regex
how to draw probabilistic distributions with numpy/matplotlib?
calculations using list values
how to use __del__ in a reliable way?
add a text after pattern in
using matplotlib show 10 subplots all at once
using command line arguments in rather than shell
login to website, no "id" only "class" for login button
what is "homogenous" in list documentation?
access imdb watchlist in csv format
how to change the line colour for different lines in a subplot
monkey patching a class in a function that is called from a child method ( )
console - inspect classes or functions defined in a particular module
csv overwrite
how to kill a process using the window's name of this process with or bat
r/ : heirarchical clustering, dendrogram annotation
pandas dataframe to json without index
find b'' in command output?
check running time per line in
enabling tty in a ssh session
make os.chdir follow vim autochdir?
iterating to produce a unique list
how to add a string to list inside other list on 2.7
how to write the results of a batch file called in a script to a file
example of script calling batch, then script recieving batch script result?
how to parse the file?
: reference "private" variables' names in an organized way
summing list: skip first even number
change the amount of text printed in cells in pandas with.head() method
search function not really searching
self referential dictionary with class
to find the difference b/w two numbers in a column of file?
text file to dictionary
how to barplot pandas dataframe columns aligning by sub-index?
counting particles using image processing in
how to collapse multiple columns pandas
can determine the class of a object accessing a method
matrix of lists -
3 inline if and for statements
processpoolexecutor locks more futures than necessary
get also element that don't match fnmatch
pass variables into a command
repeat string to certain length
generate random colors (rgb)
change elements order in a matrix ( )
idiom to get same result as calling os.path.dirname multiple times?
how to handle direct file upload with gae/?
how to pass down multiple parameter through several functions
in, what is the fastest way to determine if a string is an email or an integer
script to open another file
memory impact and scope/lifespan of imported modules
open(file) - does it stay open?
making a shopping cart in
print script output correctly in php
calculating pdf of dirichlet distribution in
how to list all scikit-learn classifiers that support predict_proba()
closures and replacing surrounding scope
how to apply a style to a paragraph with -docx?
: filter list items from list of dictionary
if statement for regex in string
square of a number using gaussian distribution
remove single white space from end of lines for.txt file
the best way to write initial settings data for custom cms in django
if player comes within a radius of enemy,change state
networkx - finding the natural clusters of points on a graph
group datetime in panda into three hourly intervals
scraping with beautiful soup: why won't the get_text method return the text of this
variable in range function
scipy: speeding up calculation of a 2d complex integral
csv module to write new line data in list
modify variable just in the django admin but not in database
integer prepresentation for uuid4 in golang
regex passes in rubular but not in
- with an undetermined tuple (str), how to find if a letter is in
want data returned by to script to be accessible inside a html div
finding minimum value in an array of dicts
re-arranging numpy array in place
matching indexes in to categorize a column
calling methods on's dictionary literals
using list comprehension and a dict for regex substitution
django forms prefetch on cleaned data
updating web2py auth_user custom fields programmatically
about the use of seek on gzip files
loop over dictionary (using c api) twice?
convert curl request to -requests request
adding to dictionary from external file
why won't my code print anything?
cursor.description "type_code" correspondence with database field types
downloading a different file each day using selenium
in, how is `datetime.datetime.now()` an "unaware" datetime
django - create nested html list from list of dictionary objects
get script output with now only the pid of file
import object attributes as global variables
tuning of a web handler regex routes configuration
how do i show a statement repeatedly on the command line using curses?
polymorphic self referential foreign key in sqlalchemy
sort strings in list using another list
multiple imports in as the same keyword
convert an integer to its negative
unable to log in to the django admin page due to django-social-auth backends enabled
strings, ints, and operators in
date converter in
how to aggregate by month of datetime in pandas frame?
how to access object struct fields of subclasses from a c extension?
printing out elements of list into separate text files in
using unix command (node.js/lessc in my case) inside?
window doesn't appear using tkinter
simulate normalizing arguments
a more ic way to express conditionally bounded loop?
how can i create a simple brute force function?
numpy array access
how can i delete files in
pull a string out of a string (split?)
convert a unicode object to a latin string with entities
unicode string operation in app engine failing
how to extract pdf fields from a filled out form in?
looping through a list that contains dicts and displaying it a certain way
read/write closures
regular expression for splitting at all whitespaces
how do i add the username to the nav bar at the top of the web page?
how can i generate documentation for a property setter using sphinx?
scan a webpage and get the video embed url only
capture output from a mysql select statement using
how to install pyclamd with pip
dynmacially generating href tags with jinja2 under flask
qwebview in pyqt4 doesn't open when i put it in a function
checking encryption status of email.
get current working directory from vte (gtk terminal widget) in
method strangely on pause until tkinter root is closed
how to use.join() using and
can you explain closures (as they relate to )?
controlling twisted based server from a web interface?
compare list element to input numbers in
reorder list in specific lines
get cookie by key?
most appropriate data structure ( )
how can i execute an os/shell command from
selenium send_keys doesn't work if input type="number"
django easy retrival of items in a many-to-many relationship model
set rackspace cloudserver metadata with pyrax
efficient coding with and numpy
django model group by more than 2 elements
read all lines in.txt that are all upper or all lower case 2.7.1?
what is the best way to reference class name in class attribute?
-scapy: how to translate port numbers to service names?
is there any script to convert folder images into one pdf
tkinter limit size of popup per line
linux, write output to the file and terminate it using
my implementation of the sieve of eratosthenes is flawed?
regex issues - attempting to parse string
reading a.doc extension file,elementtree
how do i disassemble a script?
how to check if ssh command ran through pexpect spawn command ran successfully or not.
ld_library_path with sudo
geoalchemy st_dwithin implementation
is there an inverse of `vars(object)`
re.findall display row of tekst
use result from one dataframe to find data in another dataframe in pandas
tar not working from cronjob
extract doxygen doc for methods with one leading underscore but not methods with two leading underscores
cumulative plot for many variables in matplotlib?
create a csv file directly on an ftp server
how do i execute a bash function defined in.profile using subprocess module?
stdout doesn't flushes on windows command prompt but works on osx and linux
how do i convert a human-readable date + time to a unix timestamp in?
ms word-2003 search and replace text
combine query result
glob and bracket characters ('[]')
writing a 'non-readable' list
passing iterator value to sqlite3 like condition of select clause in
2.7.5 how to accumulate and declare values in an array/ list from user input?
streaming stdin/stdout in
get item in list by startswith
matplotlib centered bar chart with dates
pulling html from a webpage in
regex to go match any string that starts with a string
porting code to
loop and display substring in
limiting the capabilities of a variable
open script using command line
is it possible to make django send data over tls protocol?
how do you dynamically identify unknown delimiters in a data file?
what's the best way of implementing from_iterable alternate c-tor?
change my pc ip programmatically
using boolean opeation between 2 arrays in
how can i convert frame count to hh:mm:ss:msec format in?
select colunms of a data frame in a loop
read file from line 2 or skip header row
django authentication backend
embedding a shell inside a program
django models.filefield - store only the file name not any paths or folder references
turn list into function call
cleanest way to obtain the numeric prefix of a string
"every other element" idiom
identifying the run lengths of a multiindex
libtorrent, how download.torrent in
: convenient way to initialize lots of class members
- arguments with white space
is there a way to use the package import path as class specifier?
delete all files/directories except two specific directories
is there a pandas equivalent to each_slice to operate on dataframes
sqlalchemy. how to order on many to many relationship?
rowwise subset of a dataframe based on index
condensing repetitive code in?
beautifulsoup webscraping...getting just the text
how to include prerequisite apps in installed_apps
i don't quite understand the while loop in
polymorphic class in that returns an instance of another class
list different way than googles solution
replacing items in nested array and list-tuple
how to invoke another function when sprites collide in pygame
get latest directory and unzip
sequential directories creation in
sort list of strings and place numbers after letters in
how can i access the url params and use them if i'm using a formwizard in
implement list-like index access in
datetime script not outputting correct hour, minute, and second
protovis-style color scale in?
sort a dict by numeric value of dict.values
add element to a json in
why i can call 'print' from 'eval'
implementing "starts with" and "ends with" queries with google app engine
fast population of key-value pair
how do i get a for loop to iterate through an entire range?
__hash__ method and documentation. probable error?
merge two videos side by side programatically
import image works on gae but not in dev_appserver.py
os.path.relpath behavior
merge a list of 2 lists or use a queryset?
how do i search a list of words using a list of letters in
form validation with wtforms and and autofill sqlalchemy model with form data in flask
some qlineedit questions
exiting a running command in
django flatpages db tables not created
how to combine multiple rows of strings into one using pandas?
passing class instantiations (layering)
how can i get a filestorage object from string
run an exe file with parameters to browse a file
escape regex special characters
how do i calculate the date six months from the current date using the datetime module?
taking out bits of csvs
how to store functions in a slice in go
merging values from 2 dictionaries ( )
replace two different characters with regex
- count number of alphabets only in a string ignoring case
/plone: getting all unique keywords (subject)
matplotlib: get and set axes position
checking a string for escaped characters
why regular expression's "non-capturing" group is not working
how to format a list of lists using list comprehension?
measuring page request timing in pylons app?
sql query that relies on count from another table? - sqlalchemy
print out all code in a script
need suggestion hot to move urllib2.install_opener() to a different class
scraping text without script code using scrapy
create a.csv file with values from a list
content of text file as a input to script
2.6 read from buffer
how do i get the key value of a db.referenceproperty without a database hit?
finding the minimum and maximum of a list of arrays
- find all subwords that can be found inside of a word
django: use render_to_response and set cookie
sort the points/coordinates of a circle into a logical sequence
why is the first line longer?
cropping text on matplotlib plot
suppressing matching groups in regex
saving data in without a text file?
edit xml value based on key
logging: display only information from debug level
matplotlib auto chemical formula subscript use without italicizing text
rotating an image in
count frequency of words in lists and remove unpopular words
obtaining the first and second "column's" from a pair of lists
how decode url to windows-1251 in
i'm trying to create a program that creates anagrams from a string of words
how to specify filtering data parameters for django rest framework?
how to return a value script to bash variable
sum of numbers exercise, 3
which implementation of current_quarter function would be more ic?
beautifulsoup text inside tag
what is the easiest/correct why to change the width of django_tables2 table
multi-threaded use of sqlalchemy
i'd like to get some data from auth_user table on django
broadcast a udp string with
gtk.notebook_set_window_creation_hook function return
zip based on true/false tuple in
make longer subplot tick marks in matplotlib?
how to package example scripts using distribute?
exercise 14.5, "think " (allen downey)
uploading image to facebook page's album
how to login user during given step using django-behave
return expensive function call if not none
django model field by variable
converting a very small decimal into a non-scientific notation string
how do i use 2 variables in a for loop in the recommended ic way?
profiling, detecting, and improving assignment performance?
formatting code from a list
calling matlab functions from
creating a file-like object from email.message.message
how to use ternary operator in
why won't the loop function as intended? details below:
slice pandas dataframe in groups of consecutive values
how do you import a file in with spaces in the name?
exposing a "dumbed-down", read-only instance of a model in gae
finding the second of the same two words in a line
retrieving a googledoc via api and generate a pdf replacing with own text
use 'paths' to access different levels of nested dictionaries
does pyodbc have an execute scalar function
how can i improve this code in?
pandas: print column name with missing values
how to sort list items from low to high without built-in tools
how to print definition of a variable in?
calling init for multiple parent classes with super?
is it safe to use os.environ.setdefault?
gae gcs filename accesses old file
can open a mp3 file
/pyserial bit operator on string
printing to the same console line but dynamically
how can i combine a switch-case and regex in
is there an autoreload in cherrypy
windows process management using
flask-sqlalchemy and flask-restless not fetching grandchildren
filtering objects in database by keyword
how to get the area under a histogram in
finding adjacent neighbors on a hexagonal grid
error with splitting file path string by / in
pygame wait for key down
regex to match the number zero
load existing model into script in maya
is there any way to manually decrease the reference count of an object in?
terrain gen constraints
context_processor for tornado framework
pprint(): can i format items in an array?
how do i detect the ubuntu version?
for loop, print same items once
selecting columns equal to a substring in
- finding out if 2 values are equal while one is less than or equal to the other
parsing non-mutually-exclusive groups of command-line arguments
how can i get all the attributes of a html tag?
two key with same value to one key in
creating a simple bar chart / histogram using data in dictionary
fill list up to certain number
: verifying a prime number
how to specify date and time in?
reproduce a c function pointer array in
how to get the difference between two dictionaries in?
foreignkey form restrictions in django
add a simple process in a account.invoice workflow
how to collectively send the parameter to a function and collect the result in list?
how can i get a range of rows in a list without creating a new list object?
, writing a very basic alarm clock
| extracting elements from 2d array
how to sort a multidimensional list to alphabetical order based on its first row letters in
sum up elements to certain index and overwrite that value
django problem - install the xxx package by putting it on your path?
convert elements in a list using a dictionary key
counting random numbers
import with a comma after the as
how do you move a user to a different ou using
how to urlencode a value that is a dictionary with encoded unicode characters
restart function after list is x length
share scipy sparse array between process objects
can`t connect to flask web service, connection refused
twisted: twisted conch filetransfer verifyhostkey
using printed value as input value in
interpreting strings as other data types in
finding values of patterns in an array
display decision tree in i notebook
common logger settings in logging dictconfig
convert raw binary 8 bit unsigned file to 16 bit unsigned with the imaging library
determine if a list is 95% the same?
pyside - how to capture capital letter (keyevent)?
how to speed up making large dictionary
error occured while listing consumable product in openerp
drop columns from pandas dataframe, regardless of whether all column names are present
compare bytes in 2 from file with hex literal?
win32com equivalent of xlrd's sheet.ncols
paint decoded jpeg to cairo surface
how to use make_password and check_password manually?
tkinter grid manager not working, columns
cannot pass arguments from the tkinter widget.after function
django.db aggregation across multiple fields
jinja2 - process variable from flask view
compile a string to ruby bytecode for better performance -- like compile() in
get request parameters in tastypie
django-template: read database response text as html
removing \n \\n and other unwanted characters from a json unicode dictionary with
django datetimefield time in template
lambda returning none instead of empty string
calling an excel user defined function from always returns none
extract all unordered list from a web page
adding a integer at the end of an string in
finding largest number of similar elements in a list
- evaluate elements of a list subset
converting a string to a list of dictionaries
mark prime numbers in a range of numbers
add character to regular exprsession
list all tests found by nosetest
fast way to check two lists for consistency
my model is not getting updated
approach to speed up pandas multilevel index selection?
how can i extract that number from string?
: usage of pydatetime_fromtimestamp
how do i suppress or disable warnings in restructuredtext?
find largest difference between adjacent floats in ordered array
: create sublist without copying
get the first url from list that contains 'posts' in it
extraction of data from a file if pattern matches in
automate a terminal program?
modifying dictionary keys
wsme and thread safety
dot products of columns of mixed shaped arrays
how can i upload my script to the web/facebook without completely rewriting my code?
django model - updating a attribute without touching lastmodified_at
determine if a list is in descending order
rewriting this database access query to circumvent 'distinct on' error, in django
why does nltk wordnet fail finding simple words?
split string by space and strip newline char
django render to xml like html
counting number of different characters in a word
sql - find entry which matches the current date
how can i use uuids in sqlalchemy?
trapezium rule given values in a list
extracting the text from a log using regular expression
running c program on windows 8.1 using (or not )
sympy expression to symbols
onchange functions on boolean fields in odoo 8
creating pandas dataframe between two numpy arrays, then draw scatter plot
weighted percentile using numpy
remove several identical list elements by value
using looseversion to sort a list of objects that have a version string
perform operation in string
how to execute git command in a identified path?
using web.py how can i get someone's ip when they visit my page
a better way to compare a variable number of lists to each other for equality
how to use variable in mongodb with
i qt console: change the default working directory
verify_grad function: 'tensorvariable' object is not callable
regex in 2.7 for extraction of information from snort log files
findall/finditer on a stream?
what is the regular expression?
how to slice off a certain number of bytes from a string in?
finding similar values in two lists using the filter function
issues with embedding iron 2 in a c# web application
how to make tornado auto restart when certain files changes
why gmail doesn't display my rfc 2047-encoded from header?
how can i execute comm linux command in
dictionary in a child class to update the dictionary with same name defined in parent class instead of over
how to access content of declared variable in in my postgres sql query
how to do dyadics-like operations in numpy
how do i count the number of objects in a numpy array about a specified threshold
how to define an anonymous type in
xpath selecting the node right after the criteria matching node
need regular expression expert: round bracket within stringliteral
reading and storing xml data in arrays
setting the axes tick values of a seaborn jointplot
how to install the jinja2 template engine for a specific version of when a few are available
django - pre-set request.data in a variable that won't change
is there a better way to do this?
how to know if a record inserted successfully or not
regex: group backref
how to make sure two pandas dataframes cover same dates only
how do i download things through fabric
parsing a comma delimited file with and adding currency fields
how is possible to create a shell script like top unix command?
: mulitple yield statements in generator
method logging in
caffe: how to get the phase of a layer?
parsing nested xml with lxml and
is there a way to handle requests with locale-dependant wsgi handlers?
is there an analog of's vars() method in ruby?
is the global request variable in /django available?
retrieving a bytes object of length 1 from another bytes object
how to download large file in with requests.py?
how can i form a composite function with theano?
httplib retrieve json object from getresponse()
shorting down many if clauses in
i want to know the last index of a regex match in's re lib
strings to variables containing strings -
how to proceed next line while reading specific line?
algorithm to auto-pick 11 players in a fantasy football lineup where the total
replacing a list of utf8 characters in
/django polling of database has memory leak
get latest reading value of each type for a sensor in sqlalchemy
iterating through tuples, obtaining the next item
function to get a match for attributes in a list
: read and execute lines from other script (or copy them in)?
and/or operator between two objects in
display an webcam stream in pyqt4 using opencv camera capture
how can i measure the memory occupancy of mpi or multiprocessing program?
why is my variable not be included in my subprocess.popen?
building multi-line database queries in
change direction of reading file?
how to escape os.system() calls in?
placing a legend on a subplot in matplotlib, what am i doing wrong?
- how to filter an output in a shell in a grep-like way?
wrapping array of elements in spyne
extracting specific information from a website using beautifulsoup ( )
listing distributions in
in : saving unicode letters with newlines into a.txt so that it works fine while opening
importing a file given in the command line
can i force django staticfiles to load hashed filenames locally while debug=true?
how can i change an element inside my two dimensional array in?
changing namespace separator from colon(:) to underscore (_) in maya
find total memory used by process and all its children
-mode indentation not working upon hitting enter
regex, matching too much
: double backslash formatting
numpy 3d-image array to 2d
mean calculation in pandas excluding zeros
setting 1 or 0 to new pandas column conditionally
: accessing column values in multi dimension array
using numpy linspace in for loop
how to make setuptools find top level modules
how to send a http header request rather than http url in
looping over lines with
string to variable then increment in a loop
saving dictionary to file then loading file to edit dictionary
django multiple model inheritance, django-push-notifications
seaborn: how to set bar borders' line width or color?
pass variable on import
accessing class instance from another module ( )
multi index sorting in pandas
specifying amount of numbers to sum in loop
extract url from.url file
how to check a value in a series is unique
search tuples for partial string matches using the results of xml parsing
how to simplify creating huge data structures in
method of expanding list of dictionaries into list of formatted strings
remote tcp connection in with zeromq
capturing screenshots with in windows and linux
ampl: a big set within the set and specification of data
how to use numpy.frompyfunc to return an array of elements instead of array of arrays
integer to boolean
change color of lcd digits in qt designer
changing x axis ticks to desired value.
add something to nametuple
how do i check http headers of an incoming request to google appengine in?
nosetest: running with coverage from script
pytest - run each test as a mutlitprocessing process
matching a datetime against a date in django
plot 3d cartesian grid with
how can i access django admin site on amazon ec2 instance?
using properties inside __init__?
storing a function within an object variable
rest framework serializer with support for multiple depths
pack output in string format
how to install third party modules and libraries through flask web app
how to perform efficient membership search on very large datasets in
change current process environment
multiprocess a function with a element of list as argument
unexpected result from numpy random.shuffle
how to access search box of any website using?
cassandra: how to get total table size / estimate row count
how can i return http status code 204 from a django view?
pyramid checkboxes
multi-pattern regex in
eliminating duplicates - shall i use a set?
how do i make my wx top frame show in the middle of my desktop?
iterating through lists
how to generate a 12 digit number, but all the digits summed together must equal 55?
: using only certain keys in a dictionary for a for-loop
with the httplib "httpconnection" object, how do you send a header without a value
how to pass a variable to template in django
select in (select..) using orm django
match an element in a list, then return `n` elements before it and `m`
get the inner html of a element in lxml
deleting similar elements from a list in
how to retrieve values from nested dictionary given list of keys?
how do i terminate selected threads
: how to ignore #comment lines when reading in a file
transforming an index to date in pandas
fast way using healpy to get convolution of a healpy map and a 2d
diagonal matrix exponential in
why can't i load a facebook app page in?
: use *args as dictionary key
ip validation regex validation for full and partial ips
how to send a email body part through mimemultipart
selenium : how do i find every email on a webpage?
script to insert into mysql database - special symbols - unicode : search and store
can't change the values of fields of model objects in lists
: shuffle and create a new array
save variable to file like save() in matlab
how to launch -mode on a buffer with vim?
how do i set up a different power shell command for different versions of?
sparse_hash_map is very slow for specific data
extending google appstats
override form data when editing an object
how do i write a yaml file using a dictionary with long keys and values?
easy angle and point / numpy
how to get values from dictionary in jinja when key is a variable?
sqlalchemy is not null select
y labels right hand side in matplotlib plot with sharing x and y
django template: get data from dictionary
how to use pygame.sprite
how does django timezone work?
scons : src and include dirs
how do i add a function to a model that doesn't require a model instance?
how to sort arrival and departure times in
create nice column output in
flattening multiple heterogenous lists in
code to scan network to obtain the computer name
how to use variable number arguments to pyplot.plot?
the efficiency when using a big data structure in a function in
beautifulsoup no unique identifier in table
windows "importerror: dll load failed: the specified module could not be found." when
multiprocessing: how to limit the number of waiting processes?
grouping dataframes in pandas efficiently?
cosine similarity between item descriptions using scikit-learn
how do i sort this list?
how many queries are being generated?
split on comma not enclosed by quotes
filter excel dataframe with pandas
how to subtract the next value from the previous value in?
make available only a subset of functions in package
- print until marker (a la php)?
recursive power function step
how to fix pdb in aquamacs on mac os x?
creating alias for the db tabled django
how to make a set of lists
listing all the variables in a class
workaround overwriting local variable in for loop?
finding pattern in tuples
are numpy functions forward compatible
run.sh script on reboot and leave it running
update one dictionary with another by adding values rather then replacing it
problem with nontypical rounding in
random byte string in
ms outlook cdo/mapi blocking file output?
clear clipboard?
how do i view this in an easy format to read? (json)
how to add image to pdf file in?
sum tuple list based on tuple first value
common neighbour of two vertices on graph-tool
pil imagedraw.text or imagedraw.multiline_text alignment
closing a window and opening a new one via a button in tkinter
- interpreting paths differently when running in shell vs. when running within another script?
run bash commands in parallel using i
best way to implement/call a class that returns an immutable value?
how to check if rlock in 3 is acquired by any thread
elegant ways to print out a bunch of instance attributes in 2.6?
passing date time in a different format to models.datetimefield in django?
sort two joined querysets - django
how to call a different instance of the same class in?
one hot encoder: how to encode multible value of same category?
decimal to binary array
previewing the class or function definition source code in the interactive shell
- move two turtle objects at once
pybrain - how to validate my trained network against a test data?
get the common prefix substring through regex
how can i get data from iframe with ghost.py?
determine if pyqt is running within maya
get pixel's rgb using pil
regular expression to capture all groups in a kleene plus closure
setting variable as integer once
how to display an array of objects in page template in pyramid?
overriding in
how can i optimize this for loop that finds session duration in clickstreams?
modifying a list in place: calculating a sieve of primes in a list
storing dictionary entries in the order they are pushed
matplotlib scatter plot : changing colour of data points based on given conditions
simple dynamic web scraping - without beautifulsoup
construct xpath
list of coefficients to polynomial
modifying text file using reference value
: parsing a single-line json file
sql alchemy. has many relation that returns a particular column
how to convert a float to a fraction in?
calculate average degree distribution
send keys without specifying element in selenium webdriver
how to pass variables using unittest suite
trouble exiting a 'while' loop for simple script
scraping reuters site...bad xpath?
dynamically changing super
variable keeps getting set to 1
how to use port names in record nodes in pydot
dict.fromkeys all point to same list
beautifulsoup: find n-th occurence of element
modifying a group within regular expression match
input and output arguments for ctypes
pip install unable to find ffi.h even though it recognizes libffi
please help me in understanding class in
why the following code works?
find alphabetic words
handling u'\x00' in django template
pop off empty field
how to set allow-hidden header to true to get undocumented endpoint resources in api?
getting non-contiguous text with lxml / elementtree
- generate array of returns from function that changes its return value
converting uuid's from string
preventing pytables (in pandas) from printing "closing remaining open files..."
how to insert only some specified characters in a tkinter entry widget
how to merge multiple text in multiple folders with consecutive numbering using batch script?
how can i start an interactive /i session from the middle of my program?
secure login
how to get field with foreignkey('self') without the possibilty to link to
specify a range of numbers as an argument
: given a bytesio buffer, generate img tag in html?
grepping through logs to get user, path
plot table and display pandas dataframe
log a string without ending newline
simplify roots in sympy
why does output to a file like this?
list multiplication
plot multiple graphs from multiple files gnuplot
printing a line at the bottom of the console/terminal
numpy: check if float array contains whole numbers
how to send_mail to users in group in django?
incrementing for loop in when condition matched
make this script work
django models: one to one relationship between objects of the same model class
filterig initial data in django manytomany field
how do you get the last arrow key pressed using curses?
- check if two values(strings) are both in dict
using to modify in pdf files
delete empty value from (sorted) dictionary
comparing characters in a string sequentially in
printing numpy array without any extra notation
requsts.post returning 405 error: the method is not allowed for the requested url
throws unicodeencodeerror although i am doing str.decode(). why?
csv headers
extracting substrings between single quotes
filter xml data in
fastest list index searching
resolving conflicts between static and dynamic routes using flask
: add a character to each item in a list
jquery script on html file
efficient vector / point class in
exposing a map<> in jython so that its keys are available with "dot
how to unpack more than one variable on jinja2
- summary statistics using date and name
how can i insert image between text in sphinx
left join django orm
get size of integer in
how to make my code detect end of string in?
web scraping using beautifulsoup4
flask-wtf isn't processing my form response
how do i tell what type of data is inside variable?
what is the best way to store a string variable as a string value in a dictionary?
finding multiple strings in text with regexp
how to override equals() in google app engine data model type?
how can i write two outputs to the same lines?
converting microphone data to frequency spectrum
regex text between two strings
: inserting a list of lists into another list of lists
ttk.entry how to center the input
how to get the item currently pointed at by iterator without incrementing?
extracting part of a string with regex
equivalent of php's date()
displaying true-colour 2d rgb textures in a 3d plot?
user input within shell
regex search to extract float from string.
how do i convert unicode code to string in?
decorating login_required django decorator
sqlalchemy declarative_base doesn't play nicely with sqlalchemy_util passwordtype?
what data structure does apple use for managing xcode projects?
construct confusion matrix with missing data
how do you implement an interface in iron?
how to create an igraph object from a dictionary in
enumerator for an alphabet in
flat files within a zipfile in
get number of frames in clip with moviepy
create a copy of an existing dictionary but assign a unique id for the copy
matplotlib plot small image without resampling
how do i open this json data with?
how to load module, class and attributes dynamically in 3.5 package
turning a tuple of tuples into a dictionary
add section to opendocument text file with odfpy
need to merge information from four files together
how to get a capture group that doesnt always exist?
check elasticsearch connection status in
customize tastypie patch_list
: covariance matrix by hand
how to make a hidden form with a file field
writing in file's actual position in
import issue with /django
set tcp send timeout
opening another window through bash script, while keeping the main thread running
: read mixed data from text file
apply color map to mpl_toolkits.mplot3d.axes3d.
how to get a for loop to affect each individual object
how can i parse data from list fo dictionaries in django template?
how to find the color white with matploblib user-defined colormap?
applying a probabilistic function over specific element of an array individually with numpy/
filtering dataframe by finding exact word (not combined) in a column of strings
uploading files in webapp2/gae
regex entire line which starts with given word
bitbucket git push commits without cloning the repo
how to execute *.pyc file directly in linux terminal
access files from web.py urls
tkinter askopenfilename() annoying window
memory dump formatted like xxd from gdb
pandas / odo / bcolz selective loading of rows from a large csv file
in, how to convert array of bits to array of bytes?
is there a way to convert inconsistent string time to time object?
version not up-front in enthought canopy
how to use methods defined in a scipt from a console like i
anaconda 3.5 install pyodbc
how to get the size of a single character in a (web) font?
add colorbar to existing axis
table, with the different length of columns
`strip`ing the results of a split in
condition aggregation
how to add values based on the output of xrange()?
how does django compare objects?
comparing output to a list/array
how to deploy a cherrypy app locally
center-/middle-align text with pil?
os.listdir etc fails on shared windows path ( 2.5)
getting row and column from mouse click event
selecting a column with multiple levels of column naming
webbrowser module in cgi
replacing certain letters in a string by every other letter in a list
search a string in a directory
count characters of strings in a list and categorize into groups
do references created by exec become invalid when no globals dict is passed?
inverse mapping from a list-of-lists to an integer index
mapping a list of dictionaries from one type to another
how do i find the position of a value in a pandas.dataframe?
unique list using set
choropleth map from geopandas geodatafame
remove the 0b in binary
overriding "+=" in? (__iadd__() method)
how to get fully qualified host name in?
pandas - how to filter "most frequent" datetime objects
slicing a list in django template
byte buffer object?
ruby script executed by os.system() using
how access to a single numpy array in a dicomdir file with pydicom?
can i make idle shell show me the description of a function?
how to get the equation of the boundary line in linear discriminant analysis with sklearn
: how to write a dictionary of tuple values to a csv file?
alternative to bash (awk command) with
formatting dictionary within object in
the searching order of inheritance in
django access to subclasses items from abstract class
adobe photoshop-style posterization and opencv
print scapy sniff output to file
scientific image display
how to convert array string to an array in
: introspection, how would i verify that values in a series are strings?
looping through models in django and getting column names and.get_foo_display by default
how to read bytes as stream in 3
correct re regex
how to get a part of a substring from a particular string in
import all modules in one folder and use them by one of its attributes
how do i change emacs's font face for docstrings?
how to merge rows with same index on a single data frame?
class method that accesses the array the class instance is inside
how to repeat a section of program until the input is correct in?
multiple matches using file's startswith
select column in values, in
read file as stream from hdfs
regex find all overlapping matches?
convert datetime to local
how to use subscripts in tkinter label?
string.join ( list ) last entry with "and"
how to calculate compound interest by day in pandas
get foreign key without requesting the whole object
mapping (key, value) (key, value) to (key, (value1, value
how to set the range of y-axis for a seaborn boxplot?
how can i do math operation on list elements in?
automatic focus on showing deletes the placeholder text of a qlineedit
find the default application name for a given file
: speed of conversion of type of 3d matrix element
how to change directory according to the username?
relocate file backwards multiple lines ( )
efficient list culling
streaming with gunicorn
how to get xkcd font on matplotlib
plot line after line with imshow
regex - replace all characters except those between braces
save xlpicture from clipboard
commenting multiple lines in an i cell
if in statement specifics
creating a dictionary based on a word
question mark remains in url after urllib.quote
scheduling jobs using apscheduler
django - get object with foreignkey
capture stdout from a script in
friendly url with get request form
create a folder (if not exists) on google drive and upload a file to it using
3: splitting by 3rd delimiter
why does pip installing a django module update my django version?
how can i reuse an existing verification code / token to access google drive?
how to test a folder for new files using
vim commands in snipmate snippet
list and range
serial checks refactoring
return list[i] = i index of a list
regex split text file into sentences and append to a list
how can i do a binary encoding of a string in?
function returning none instead of expected string
application appears to run multiple times depending on input size
tf: create mask from binary data read (item assignment)
spacing in string
, writing an integer to a '.txt' file
lxml get full ext of element
flatten numpy array
connect two buttons to same callback function two arguments
backwards lists
- cant find pip.ini or pip.conf in windows7
using pyside in a buildout environment
eval(compile(...), sandbox), globals go in sandbox unless in def, why?
- word count script
how to find the first instance of a min and max value in a file using?
how do i get js and css to display in django?
how to extract 2d array from 4d array based on first and last indices
how to run a shell script without having to press enter/confirm s.th. inbetween
run cp command to make a copy of a file or change a file name in
in pylons, how do i perform actions after writing the response?
finding a string in a jumbled string
fastest way to create a numpy array from text file
is there a way to encode unicode into a human readable variant of base64 (in )
calling a endless script from php
insert substring if found
how to use re.compile and re.sub in?
writing function to file, getting none
multinomial distribution in pymc
writing to txt file in
using subprocess rather than os.system
what does a `line.decode()` do in 2?
dividing pandas dataframe rows into similar time-based groups
determine if current user is in administrators group (windows/ )
how to differentiate between get and post in plain cgi
string to attribute
a fast way to find the number of elements in list intersection ( )
ipyparallel, how to set process numbers of a node
reading file
cleaner assignment in for loop ( )
how to get all the values from a list that are smaller or equivalent to another list in
writing a code that will enter newline commands correctly
how to get all link on html document using beautiful soup?
properly slicing a list of lists
replace/remove inner quote in a string
deleting a secure cookie in tornado
mongodb regex: ignore case
django multiple forms on one page with inherited models
how can i fetch the smtp headers after sending email?
running maximum of numpy array values
php calling server scripts - will not continue after call
find highest value in a dictionary
- regarding lists,dictionarys and strings
how to output integer arrays to file in?
how to use's groupby
text restyling in
is there a way to make an i notebook output interactivly create an input and execute
jinja2 join only for lists
importing modules' files into submodules
why the list is not appending the dictionary data into my list?
how to change multi index into flat column names
aligning japanese characters in
how does putting the variable for empty list alter this code?
how do you move tree with ignore patterns in
check if a number is rational in
getting svn revision number into a program automatically
adding elements to a dictionary of sets
i need to count letter frequency and save the letter and it's freq as variable
in is there something like updated that is to update what sorted is to sort?
trouble running flask in apache/cgi
: understaning partial functions
split text in
matching entries using
how to clean file (numbers, patterns)?
in csv module, how many rows does csv.sniffer().has_header() require
lambda functions and list of functions in
convert date to 08%2f15%2f2013%2014%3a23 in
how to open an excel file with multiple sheets in pandas?
pandas - count size and frequency of different groupby levels
counting time in?
compare two different files line by line in
mongoengine - jsonify embeddeddocumentlistfield
how to print only certain xml elements
how do you load a custom field in django
i want to use the django orm to get a complement from two tables
getting nonetype after using numpy.fill
-requests not clearing memory when downloading with sessions
matplotlib tick labels not working
how perl is able to compile scripts?
iterate and compare within lambda in
dictionary or json
get all related many-to-many objects from a django queryset
post in django. how does a user update?
networkx copy clarification
asterisk triangle without using y* "*"
: find which version of a function i'm using
how do i reduce the contents of a list based on the values of the other list?
query data using pandas with kwargs
operation not permitted
sympy: how to sympify logical "not"
trying to find text with wild card integers inside a string in a special format in
: how to use a progressbar inside my function
image library convert from jpeg to pdf
django remove line break from textarea
- list last index
multiple search and replace in
what's the appropriate template system to export an html output as pdf or odt?
kodos & "cannot refer to open group"
running a.exe of gui based application in background
lengthy single line strings in without going over maximum line length
how to find all groups in a list in?
run script from c# with command line params
: how to flood-fill part of a bitmap enclosed by a black border with my
how to convert strings given by the user into a list
how to print to console in color?
counting array elements in
difference between data
how do i sort a zipped list in?
csv to list (1-dimensional list)
write volatile strings to file in
why print an empty line from a file
list comprehension instead of nested for loops for repeated number list
classes and methods, with lists in
& gtk3: how to create a liststore
getting tag after tag?
how do i split string on delimiters but exclude other strings
wx : how to get styledtextctrl to render all text in monospace font?
interrupt infinite while loop with key press
convert string representation of list to list in
how to count the number of times something occurs inside a certain string?
return list of objects as dictionary with keys as the objects id with django rest framerwork
how to change a label in gui repeatedly(often)?
how do i do greater than/less than using mongodb?
parameterizing post request containing json body
tornado put request missing body
web2py, creating a form with dropdown of thing a user own to choose from
text position in shell
getting a particular value in pandas data frame
openssl - verifying a crl file
statsmodels: "params" parameter for predict function of arima models
is there a dedicated way to get the number of items in a `enum`?
escape character for sqlalchemy using execute()
using opencv moments function with an image
how do i remove partial duplicates from an unsorted list in?
align & save structure segment only
replace text without escaping in beautifulsoup
how do i print a text file
django: [email protected] in admin
writing data from list?
extracting values from sqlite database in
create an image using little ones
how to findall with regex and preserve group numbers on matches
why reduce() behaves differently with the `none` element?
adding event listeners on multiprocessing.manager
interpret 0x string as hex in
list of unique items in a list of tuples
variable inputs into a function in pymongo
tensorflow one hot encoder?
checking fuzzy/approximate substring existing in a longer string, in?
is there any built-in way to get the length of an iterable in?
django serializer for one object
how to get pynotify to display line breaks and html?
to send chat invitation, to gtalk using google app engine( )?
qtwebkit: nextsibing doesn't return null or none
accessing variables from one class to another in
pyparsing - where order of tokens in unpredictable
telegram bot updates to dict conversion
query properties of numpy dtypes
using oauth2.o protocol for social authentication
what is the difference between dict and collections.defaultdict?
print a string as hex bytes?
parsing output of a telnet/ssh session
the shape of a sliced array
include non-column value in sqlalchemy query
jinja2 for loop in script on a list not working but accessing individual elements works
pandas: map a function using multiple columns
3: how to print an item in a string of a list in a data structure
assign a variable to every directory inside one folder. ( )
can't show tk window
pandas moving window over rows
how to return the position (index) of an element after reshaping from 1d to 2
open a file which name is contained in a variable
3.4 / requests: attempting to submit data and receive test file from webpage
most ic way to order a sublist from a ordered list
regarding function in
parse dates with any separator using's strptime
stop the scroll in dynamic page with selenium in
nested dictionary comprehension returns empty dictionaries
for loop and beautifulsoup results into csv
how can i get z = 0.01 in the below code in?
need a regex for phrase including spaces in between, but not spaces to the right?
/bash grepping ip's
django registration url redirection
/pandas -- converting row number to hour and then slicing
function list chained executing?
fixed window size for kivy programs
how do i make my program acknowledge that a variable contains an integer in
unicode friendly alphabetic pattern for regex?
compute the product of neighborhood for each cell in a matrix with numpy/scipy
pandas remove observations depending on multi-index level value
average of attribute in a list of objects
counting dictionary- list items
how to replace values in pandas with column names
any push back like function in?
how to create a pop window using pygtk?
sorting numpy lists
how to make 2.x unicode strings not print as u'string'?
how best to convert from azure blob csv format to pandas dataframe while running notebook in azure ml
extend user model django rest framework 3.x.x
fast rearranging of a text file
fileinput.fileinput.read() function for entire file
how to add values in keys in a dictionary inside a loop?
how to turn these functions generic
what's wrong with the logic of this captcha?
how do i refer to a spcific datatable in iron in spotfire?
how can i read a list from a text file?
does sml have an analog to's range()?
lightweight library to query city/state name by zip code?
function vowel_count that take a string as inputs count the number of occurrence and prints the
how could i execut this code in (awk example provided) file seperator
.exe crashes (used all system allowance of handles for window manager objects)
ipywidget dropdown menu to select figure from list
parse command line argument
how to filter objects for count annotation in django?
how to create a dictionary out of four lists?
beautifulsoup strange behaviour
how to get the same day of next month of a given day in using datetime
equivalent of the! operator
check if application is running on server or local
import parent module package
sorting a list depending on every other element in
how to do a custom insert inside a -eve app
partial string mapping to value from list
dis-juncting ( or break) the string based on a punctuation in
matplotlib: make plus sign thicker
django / from redirect_to to redirectview
renaming the header when using dictreader
how can i replace patterns using re module in 3
how to stay dry with django model field definitions
how to merge a number of lists in to one list
how do i prevent django from saving an image each time a user submits a custom userchangeform
list of lists: finding a value throughout
date range filter in django
using subprocess to redirect stdout to stdin?
use of set() and list comprehension
don't want instance to see @classmethod
in, drawing a list of line segments given their indices
emacs: split window size in -mode
convert 4 bytes to integer using struct in
which number is bigger and by how much for random numbers
perl equivalent of ( -) list comprehension
selecting specific lines repetitively from a file
: __setattr__ for old-style classes?
: parse text file with '|' to mysql table
and a json array
how can i break a loop in /selenium when text on a page is not found?
how can you change what the password prompt says in django-tastypie?
dict to pandas dataframe
django order_by value not stored in database
pygobject gtk+ 3 - documentation?
are there any statically typed languages with generators?
gtk.filechooserbutton does not react to gtk.filechooseraction.select_
buffer copy speed - why is array slower than string?
how can i unit test django messages?
getting a count of list elements
text file to tuple to dictionary in
displaying an image with matlibplot and im.show(), why are they different?
is it possible to turn a raw_input into a either a float or an int depending on
in how to whitelist certain characters in a filename?
script to do something at the same time every day
matplotlib venn diagram
how can i call a class method in the same way a ui event handler does?
numpy array - change the next element based on a change on previous
check time interval (perform actions in 1, 2, 3, 10 milliseconds)
add column with tuple length (number of items)
how to merge two for loops
group tuple and list maintaining order
ajax in django with jquery quite confusing
how to retrieve the values for only one table field in django
pandas align text in cells
pandas: dataframe too long after merge
matplotlib vline label parameter not showing
pyephem calculation of azimuth and altitude
: indexing a list as a dict
dot product of two 1d vectors in numpy
update parent pointers in a binary tree
pandas concatenate: join="inner" works on toy data, not on real data
start index for iterating list
move files from one directory to another if they appear in a text file in (take 2)
how to use spacers in qt
how to make `help` act the same as `--help` in argparse
- multiple sql queries within code
django - render a file of a model to template
regex for catching only upper-case matches
advanced pandas dataframe selection
matching integers in a loop in
merge querysets in django
how to order by count of many to many relation with elixir?
deleting all occurances of '/' after its 2nd occurance in
fetch date with beautifulsoup
adding literal_column to flask-sqlalchemy query
how to print the codes in?
using wx's floatcanvas widget, is there a way to get the controld
list of dictionaries representation
better way to check multiple variables equal a single value in
how to sort an instrumentedlist based on timestamp?
flatten a list of dictionaries and extract data along the way
reading csv file as dictionary using pandas
finding items that occur exactly once in an array
glasslab cluster library
creating a generator expression or list comprehension without variable "x in" (e.g. for
matplotlib to smtplib
functional approach: remove key from dict using filter
importing and exporting nested dictionary to excel in an easy-to-edit-and-read way
creating indexes - mongodb
how do i create a wx.image object from in-memory data?
remove and ignore all files that have an extension from a git repository
: how to get only positive numbers of nested int list with resonable performance
how to extract the title of a youtube video using
number of distinct items between two consecutive uses of an item in realtime
how to sort an entire file on a specifc data/column?
convert utf-8 bytes to some other encoding in
sort a list of dates by month in
sort list of ints by the first digit of each int
adding items from list to a cell separated by new line
convert a string to another class
repeating a dataframe value n times based on another column
not able to get latest rows when re-rerunning same query at regular interval
reading csv and importing into datatable ( )
check type of object given by a string in
scrapyd: how to set scrapyd task priority?
only keep alpha numeric character and pre-defined specific charater
setting tkinter/ttk frame background color
search in a string and obtain the 2 words before and after the match in
(1..n) syntax?
get site name from a url in
send sigint in windows using
automatically process numbers in e (scientific) notation in
calling main() of another script and getting stdout result
list of lists and integers into list
deep copy a filtered pyspark dataframe from a hive query
line wrapping in html forms using flask
time format in
creating a function that returns the url of an html hyperlink
pyqt file browsing - setting a default option?
replace a list using a list of indexes
django: how do i perform database introspection with multiple databases?
use another variable when it's not specified in's argparse module
mechanize login to website
how does function call another function in
checking if two strings are permutations of each other in
/bin/sh - non interactive usage from
user in form-class
how can i send a user registration confirmation email using tornado and mongodb?
add to a list in tuple with search in
how to process query parameters in form of a list of tuples?
single quotes vs. double quotes in
api connnection issue/ not sure what they are asking
how to clear the log file and write it again?
what is the advantage of the new print function in 3.x over the 2 print statement
create variables inside program
retrieve contents from broken <a> tags using beautiful soup
is there a way to use methods dynamically within a for loop in?
how do i filter a panda dataframe based on a simple criteria in?
escape (insert backslash) before brackets in a string
dynamic class names
how to reload after "from <module> import *"?
how to force exponential number to be print with leading dot in?
sqlalchemy filter for rows that do not contain value in an array column
: how to dynamically write to multiple files
( ) one variable becomes zero while assigning the value to another variable
combine two lists into one using one by one element
certificate storage in google app engine
list comprehension for series of deltas
iterate through table in selenium 2 webdriver ( )
flattening nested list
list cannot be copied
: compositions of functions of multiple arguments /without/ functools
get document doctype with beautifulsoup
record frame of ip-cam with
accessing post data from wsgi
- is there a list of decorators somewhere?
regex replace multiple words, use them to build list
more efficient use of itertools.groupby()
converting strings into another data type,
how to load a column generated by awk into a list
how to get console window width in
substitute emoji with its description or name
root identification in a list of data in :
dict synonym for parameter in singleton pattern. assignment to reserved built-in symbol warning
how to make argparse parsers also function as subparsers
how do i specify an amqp correlationid with kombu?
how can i get a list of windows with wnck, using pygi?
finding string in text file, and then printing several characters beyond that in
sum the total line length inside grid using
passing many items in sqlalchemy session.add
how do i write a script that re-execute a script after it exits back to cmd
create mask from qimage using non-transparent pixels
split everything between ""s
what is the preferred technique to convert an object's properties to a sorted list of tuples?
implement custom keys for dictionary so that 2 instances of same class match
accessing values in nested dictionary
creating line segment lists from x,y lists in
in should a function change a list or make a copy and return that?
changing model field within the django shell
check string format?
3 script to upload a file to a rest url (multipart request)
code formatting: how to avoid extra spaces within a string that is cut off by the line
can i show decimal places and scientific notation on the axis of a matplotlib plot using 2.7?
getting a filename in
i need help iterating a list of list, to pass through a function
adding string to scraped url (scrapy)
identifying the string in front of a given sequence of a word
get value before replace in regex
best way to return false for list of empty tuples
how to search for characters present in a file in?
faster way to assign new values in pandas dataframe
timed callback within tkinter?
test if an internet connection is present in
how to update/upgrade a linux machine using pure script
matplotlib - matching axes unit length (resolution)
boggle game - putting randomly selected letters from an array of 16 arrays in a 4x
is it possible to dynamically populate methods with code?
extract a substring from an array of strings in
angle between two pairs of azimuth and altitude?
appengine import_transform two function at the same time: truncate & export_date_time
file io with defaultdict
removing values from a list in
can i give a border (outline) to a line in matplotlib plot function?
returning html from class property in jinja2
not returning is directory value
how to connect points in plot?
django 1.9 find object in list that has attribute equal to some value
default values on empty user input in
using keras/ neural networks for categorical data
can django-tastypie display a different set of fields in the list and detail views
how to document a returned list in
- n different characters used in a grid
sort dictionary by key length
parse csv file and compare line by line
accessing pexpect's internal "countdown" remainder?
how to post data and binary data using urllib2 in
how to extract single property from object when it is in a list?
how to get number of sql queries made?
jquery with django
pyqt button selection
create a dataframe from dictionary -
exchange position for pair of characters and reverse 2 characters
how to clean sentences for stanfordner
packing int32 but doesn't work?
how to visualize spatial data using
:how to determine whether the dictionary contains multiple keys?
numpy.savetxt header has extra character #
how can i allow django admin to set a field to null?
slicing a string in
how to save a list to a file and read it as a list type?
regex in to get doc-style comments in css
how to test same assertion for large amount of data
how to delete columns in numpy.array
django stack traces are awesome. how can i get one outside django?
ast.print "nl" argument?
how do i get cpu information by using on sunos systems?
optimal layout for flask blueprint templates?
information hiding in
how do you resolve polymer web components in flask templates?
asyncresult.successful() does not return
change os for unit testing in
parsing string to a dict
how to count all foreignkey models with exact field values in django?
how can i document the pk parameter (or other path parameters) with django rest swagger?
how to pass arbitrary arguments to a flask blueprint?
always executing if statment have been messing with it but cant figure out why it always executes
regex matching
django overide site.py encoding
greek letters in a gui -
how to reverse a dictionary that it has repeated values ( )
start a process on another computer on the network
how mat() works on dilate?
can i split an input that doesnt have spaces?
logger for. doesn't log custom log entries
extract wheels from pip wheel cache?
use django orm to select rows if a value is in a range stored in columns
setting elements of an array equal to zero
: better way to search and collect text strings from html. strip off markdowns, tags
metaprogramming
how to find lines which do not match a list of patterns?
: select multiple columns in a dataframe from another dataframe without loop
how to parse a single line csv string without the csv.reader iterator in?
pandas convert (yy/mm) date format and select certain time range
radiobutton horizontal center alignment tkinter
is there any way that i can restrict a child class from inheriting some of its parent's
redis and redis-py: storing abstract objects
how to enable & disable tabs in a tkinter/tix gui
: if...and... not working as expected
how to create a default submodule for import
n-gram generation for words of non english languages
making a dictionary from file, first word is key in each line then other four numbers are to
reduce time for a long for-loop in
filter and list and apply "filtered indices" to another list
how to determine which is used by mac and mac programs
tkinter button remains sunken when pressed
enumerate, print previous
global variable usage
how to find if a signal is connected to anything
: access members of a set
how to escape quotes for remote command via ssh command line
extracting two random sample sets in
fastest way to create range of tuples in
scipy sparse row/column dot products
dynamic module import in
matplotlib axis tick labels: getting mantissa and exponent
: processing a 16-element list into an 8-element list
extending namedtuple with methods and mutable fields
interpolation with undesired zeros
cgi get submitted image data-url
plot dictionary produced by program using scilab
how to express this bash command in pure
how can i use mongodb aggregation in this example?
pyside : how to get a qtabwidget to resize with the window?
does httplib reuse tcp connections?
how to show minor tick labels on log-scale with matplotlib
is there an easy way to write this in?
formatting pyplot major and minor label's distance from axis
how can i convert every pixel that is not black to a certain color?
- selectively add up values while iterating through dictionary of dictionaries
getting pyublas sample working in ubuntu
how to use mask to remove the background in
compare two lists in and return indices of matched values
getting distance between two location using geocoding
retrieve data from url while being logged in
how can i avoid multiple loops to get the sorting i require in this sqlalchemy query?
stringvar callback with unique identifier?
pandas read_csv reading time offset strings
aggregate count in pandas
differentiate gtk.entry icons
how to use dict in?
django rest framework - how to get http header information in urls.py
redirect to next parameter in django 1.5
wrapping a function hides its attributes?
create new column from nth value in a groupby group with pandas
construct two dimensional numpy array from indices and values of a one dimensional array
regex match results are too minimal, please advise
how can i create a subset of the'most dissimilar' arrays from a set of
how do i get a default value for a field that usually increments in django?
most elegant way to break csv columns into separate data structures using?
normalize rows of pandas data frame
sleeping in a batch file
.vimrc configuration for
remove a specific phrase from a list of lists
pyserial string to byte encoding to write to microcontroller
how can i share the same database connection instance between different modules in a package?
twisted execute file
is there a better way than int( byte_buffer.encode('hex'), 16 )
regular expression to extract the parenthesis
: is the module of a class a class itself?
sympy solve will not return an answer
ic way to iterate through a range starting at 1
- list of variables
: what's the subtraction value between two time.time()?
group element by two list
percentage of column pandas
loading sqlite database in distribution
random boolean by percentage
how to get module location
add list of words to dictionary
code fragment - list
get the value of href using lxml in html table
split() vs rsplit() performance?
tricky array sorting
how to fetch last 24 hours records from database
how to count the comment lines in a file?
how to iterate over a list repeating each element in
where are the modules stored?
how can i iterate over multiple internal links on a site to output all email addresses using beautifulsoup
convert a string into list that is already in list format
how to ignore order of values in a tuple with groupby -
display a string of 1's and 0's in binary format
what threading algorithm(s) does's imap library support?
add a description string to a numpy array
pandas: passing multiple functions to agg() with arguments
ascribing another name to lambda function
tornado mysteriously hanging after an async operation -- how can i debug?
removing duplicated lines from a txt file
how to parametrize string.format() format specification?
add extra parameter to inlineformset_factory
applying matrix product in specific pandas columns
i qtconsole: drawing multiple functions inside one plot
check if sum of two amounts is equal to a certain total with some tolerance
switch case allowing optional arguments
logging queries with sqlalchemy 0.6
validation with while loops
library or code to read already open excel file
simple dialog (questio, ok, cancel) with using pyqt4
django annotate count with a distinct field
use two columns for unique entry identification
get dates of present month in a list and difference in dates
how to do a column sum in tensorflow?
xpath: from parent node, descend to sub-sub-sub child node that matches condition?
determining the position of sub-string in list of strings
how do i get particular fields in
how to center frame in tkinter canvas
automatic sphinx toctree update
convert number to string scientific notation fixed length
how do i access the name of the class of an object in?
i notebook pandas not plotting
iterate enum in definition order
dict comprehension with class objects
the right way to do a irc bot?
regex to match whole line with a particular regex pattern
how to add feature names to output of decision tree in scikit learn
complex generators in
argumentparser nested arguments
mocking modules from boto in
how to get request of flask in decorator logger?
using fnmatch to locate all folders with name pattern
pairwise circular 'for' loop
caching a generator
how to make markers on lines smaller in matplotlib?
how to make a script runs as trivial linux command with distutils?
compare columns pandas
pygame: is there any easy way to find the letter/number of any alphanumeric pressed?
pass extra values along with urls to scrapy spider
how to set timeout to pyplot.show() in matplotlib?
what if the utf-8 encoding html file contains a non-utf-8 character?
recursive function
sorting sets (not a single set)
using beautiful soup to analyze table in
get specific chars from a string in
how to check for a string is equivalent to a user input in?
imaging library- merging one type of pixel into another image
decoding inter-octet binary data
how to specify a unsafe/safe write with pymongo's collection.update_one or update
threading - blocking operation - terminate execution
no output when merge two data frame by loop
how to generate a list of 150 cases initialised with a dict in?
how do you extract multiple email addresses from an rfc 2822 mail header in?
how to compute a databasefield with the field-id
does google appengine cache external requests?
networkx: subgraph isomorphism by edge and node attributes
how get related objects by field name?
text orientation on excel(individual cell) in
compare two lists of strings and remove duplicates
shortening line segments in matplotlib plots
newbie to syntax - error - suspect use of single/double quotes
looping through list in pairs or more
what is the runtime complexity of list functions?
executing a while loop between defined time
get html and headers from single request using
how did i split a string using re module with '()' as a delimiter?
select specific row and column
plot graph in with data from file
calculating irr of a perpetuity with numpy /
input of a function contains output of another function
automatically apply getter and setter to new object variable
replace list values using a tuple
optimized write to fs in
how to add columns in multiple lists in?
opennlp - add alpha channel to rgb
splitting a text document into an excel sheet xls
list of list to key-value pairs
order the genders and numbers
understanding some code
with open 'at' flag did i mess up?
recursively search directory for presence of file
django - why is edit form posting to edit url + create url on top of each other?
: convert str to int inside a recursive function
show default value for editing on input possible?
how does flask start a new sqlalchemy transaction at the start of each request?
how to write a function that outputs a two-column table
elementwise operations over tuples in
how to use explicit in selenium?
creating either 2 dictionaries from csv or creating dictionary from 3 rows
cocatenating strings in place in a dictionary
iterator vs iterable?
getting a list of specific index items from a list of dictionaries in (list comprehension)
return output of function that takes pandas dataframe as a parameter
how can i integrate in cylindrical coordinates with scipy?
in windows
escape utf8 decoding ('\x74' to 't')
better optimization technique using if/else or dictionary
why doesn't this string handling work?
plotting an histogram from a frequency list in a dictionary in
sqlite insert or ignore and return original _rowid_
replacing values greater than a limit in a numpy array
split the strings in two parts
print not working before long task?
how to output randomforest classifier from?
subprocess dd and stdout
how does an int evaluate as a boolean statement?
match html tags in
how do i avoid having class data shared among instances?
reading text in weird error [solved]
numpy : clip/cut 2d masked array
when creating a new list (from data in two separate source lists) - having difficulty adding source
django - advanced query depending of the relationships of a model
derive new dictionary from search in lists
how to write this "model" in django?
remove -#### in zipcodes
how to put an outline on a canvas text on -- tkinter?
how to stop simplecv camera stream?
including static data in setup.py (setuptools)
excluding django form fields when condition met
reading multidimensional array data into
efficient pandas dataframe insert
get a list of values of one column from the results of a query
read() automatically converts hex to char?
match first instance of digit by regex in
does virtualenv isolate itself + packages, or just packages?
setting sensitivity to specific gtk3 menuactions ( )
hashing a dictionary
specify cython output file
why is the compileall module not working?
type as a string
objects with user-defined hash
(jinja2) variable inside a variable
referencing data from a 2d histogram
tkinter: close a window opened by a function not running anymore
disregarding variables
counter part of __getattr__
chaining queries in mongoengine
calling "return render" won't work when calling from an outside method (django, views
get raw decimal value from mysqldb query
how do you get a method whose code instantiates another object to initialize a different object each time
pyside: qfiledialog returns an empty list
getopts values class and template.substitute don't (immediately) work together
signal: reading return from signal handler function
excluding url pattern from django app..is it possible?
alternating input and output
how are django persistent connections(conn_max_age) distributed?
pandas: create new column in dataframe based on other column in dataframe
convert to c#
, cleaning a list
regex to extract key surrounded by brackets
reading logs with fabric
how to specify gamma distribution using shape and rate in?
web2py add newlines in a column's text while rendering html table
: curl command option with `-d` to
keeping track of iterations through list done inside function in
for loops and nested lists issue
crawler not finding specific xpath
pandas/ : split column based on a dictionary
how to override null value from aggregate query using mysqldb module in?
make i notebook print in real time
what is wrong with this lambda function? pandas and dataframe
find nearest neighbour in a more ic way
ffmpeg reads fps of input h264 file wrong, resulting in wrong duration of output file
combinations/permutations with no repeats across groupings
do decorators strictly implement the decorator pattern?
how to compare two arrays in?
can "list_display" in a django modeladmin display attributes of foreignkey fields?
make cx_freeze to add app to startups
pygtk3 ~ allowing a signal from the user, but not the programmatically
is there a better way to use strip() on a list of strings? -
inserting lists into a list with given length of the list
simulator of realistic ecg signal from rr data for matlab or
pandas - how to ensure data frame is local
mysql string substitution not working
: how to print the value of variable in color
change name of an excel worksheet after reading the file in
creating a directory based on function parameters,
convert curl example to pycurl
make from a list the dictionary lists by key
hex decoding shows wrong result for special charters
how to make model, django
what fields are available after parsing an email message?
2.7: select specific character from string
how to clear the whole cache when using django's page_cache decorator
string replace without replacing the first instance
how to upload and serve static files to flask app from the command line
numpy matrix binarization using only one expression
stop recursion once solution is found
how to cache sql alchemy calls with flask-cache and redis?
django: how do i use is_active of auth_user table?
and combining a multidimensional list (opencv)
stack corruption?
run program from terminal with either stdinput or program input
finding fast default aliases in
how to isolate files in s3 bucket by directory?
how can i loop my code so it will go up in increments?
pyqt converting a file
how to unite together 2 model fields in django?
graphing a colored grid in
determine calling executable in - 2
in, how can i get the correctly-cased path for a file?
how do i allow a user to select a file?
can i do custom complicated group by in a django queryset?
shuffle position of elements in a list
sqlalchemy/elixer question
how to create a dictionary from a file?
extract tuple and overwrite with int iteration
dictionary be a key in a dictionary
read write classes to files in an efficent way
get colors of current gtk style
removing duplicates in list of lists
using csvreader against a gzipped file in
product of a list
how do i set a datetime to something that is (somewhat) relative to now
why is the output of my function in binary?
mix images with markdown in a flask app
how to compare multiple numbers from the output of task and print something in?
how to test a regex password in?
importing a csv file into a sqlite3 database table using
simple idiom to break an n-long list into k-long chunks, when n % k
how to extract some numbers from a character string with comma seperating some numbers using?
walmart price scraping with 3
list all the classes that currently exist
fabric test username before connecting
how can i extract the lines of a big log file in
gevent monkey unpatch
- how to parse smartctl program output?
how can i decorate a "callable" class with a class decorator?
scatter plot colors corresponding to a value
can an uploaded image be loaded directly by cv2?
removing hash comments that are not inside quotes
selecting some rows of an nparray under column constraints
how do i use praw and to retrieve reddit post data from a certain user?
checking a file modification date/time against one stored in memory?
write a list of ordered dictionaries to a csv file in
basemap: how to remove actual lat/lon lines while keeping the ticks on the axis
ic way to match up timestamps in list of objects
how to remove all whitespace and newlines?
converting dict values into a set while preserving the dict
2.7 windows silent installer (.msi) - command-line option to set the path?
how to get grayscale image,pixel matrix values within the [0-255] range
fast string to integer conversion in
how to merge multiple returned lists into one
center pivot without xform
relative path simplifier
how to use user custom pulgin in qgis in centos
how can i color certain things in emacs?
how to label different objects in a non solid black background?
how to get odd column headers in?
writing another text file based on saved file from tkinter
: most elegant way to intersperse a list with an element
install a package into a different directory using pip?
win32api: get bitmap palette
explicit vertex position in graph-tool
execute the program on a webpage and display output
creating an instance of a class with a variable in
3 - open file from console
how to plot on a smaller scale
how can i plot output from a function which returns multiple values in?
how to retrieve rows from a csv file using a tag string
grouping values based on other list
matplotlib interval
inheriting custom operators in?
replacing value in a numpy array using as an index another value from the same array
creating links to django views using htmlcalendar
rhythmbox: how do i access the 'rating' field of a track through
using gephi's graphdistance plugin in jython: i have the correct types but
env: \r: no such file or directory
fastest way to get tags containing text
how to access a class through interpreter
regex replace text between delimiters in
how to create a new markdown cue extending another one using -markdown
comparing part of a list to full list in
modify a large list without any loops in
how to create qstring in pyqt4?
script to parse template then generate job dsl file
parsing url after string
matplotlib line overlap/resolution
append the value of several variables into a list at the same time
3 if something happens, don't do this part of code
how to set focus for tkinter widget?
mercurial / hg - abort: outstanding uncommitted merges
alternative use patterns for multiprocessing avoiding proliferation of global state?
write multiple numpy arrays into csv file in separate columns?
how to best implement this ruby code in
how to subtract values from dictionaries
writing to a google document with
- printing to more than one output
adding means to a pandas dataframe
: instantiating new instance of class from list of classes
matplotlib slow when plotting pre-cached data into many subplots
unique sha-1 digest generation
sending emails when the email address is changed
iterate dicts and extract values without a for loop
character by character in utf8 file
authentication on app engine / / django non-rel over json
dictsort template filter and filtering with two columns
having two kinds of graphics in same ggplot
what's the most efficient way to get this information from the database?
scrape specific text within html tags that occur after (outside) of other tags
print unique arrays from an array
- make a post request using 3 urllib
fabric: how to answer to keyboard input?
how to find the difference between each subsequent pair of dataframe.index values in pandas?
inserting backslashes during regular expression
deleting relative lines with regex
a simple message decoder
how to add css in django updateview or create view form
perl or : count total number of different mac addresses in a file
what does django do when a request to the root comes?
combine string with script value
why does my line of code seem to ignore calling my function?
in how to construct a str for help(object)
i get "jinja2.exceptions.undefinederror" when i return a simple html page with
script to check if a zip file is corrupt
limit decimals numbers when writing to csv in
regex split case insensitive in 2.6
parsing file via
fast way to apply function elementwise to a numpy array
i cant seem to get it to print the score out when i run quiz() it should show
how to add an alternative constructor to the target language (specifically ) in swig wrapping c
why isn't a tuple that contains two empty list an empty tuple?
parsing subprocess.check_output()
how can i optimally concat a list of chars to a string?
how to access windows on_screen keyboard accessory through
how to end loop one iteration earlier?
how to count the number of variables in a function -
arithmetic operations on numpy array
how to find a duplicate in a list without in-built functions in?
top down friction in pymunk
excel-like ceiling function in?
how to find the most common elements in a list (using all())
emacs shell output buffer height
how to run a program in linux crontab?
in interactive, how to unambiguously import a module
pymongo specify variable in connection string
access nested dictionaries' data
: is it possible to make a tkinter program on top of all windows?
reshape a 1d array to a masked 2d array
looping lists of lists
functional testing a flask app: weird twill traceback
how to build a template engine
slow performance of pos tagging. can i do some kind of pre-warming?
how to efficiently use _set.all() in django?
intersection initial state standard practice
how to store json data in static file in django view, and call this function from another function
implement 3's round function in 2.7
converting indices of series to columns
change string to lowercase except for first character and copy to clipboard
adding same text to two different lists
how to parse a file and transfer a set of two pairwise data into a 2d array
retrieving timestamp of youtube comments
getting ctypes datatype from numpy datatype
using autoit with selenium
downloading a file, not the contents
create dynamic urls in flask with url_for()
how to call global command inside procedure of another file
simplest way to find and link repeating strings in an xml with
get current timepoint from totem application
main program variables in side programs ( )
is this the fastest way to build dict?
reverse database records flask
how to safely generate a sql like statement using db-api
storing a 7millions keys dictionary in a database
script to simulate a get request + receive the results
override @property getter in runtime
comparing 2 dictionaries in
is there an easier way to change the index values of a pandas dataframe?
find all possible combinations
caching http responses in a tornado asynchttptestcase
pyglet drawing a set of images to a larger one
elegant ways to support equivalence ("equality") in classes
how do i make each list in the list of lists sort in ascending order?
: how to get multiple elements inside square brackets
get locals from calling namespace in
pandas subtract 2 rows from same dataframe
selenium webdriver: driver.get() won't accept a variable?
what is the equivalent of (mel) substitute, maya
get request flask -
pandas boolean algebra: true if true in both columns
, test whether all values in matrix less than numpy.finfo(float).eps
access gmail imap with oauth 2.0 access token
overide jwt so that a user can register via a mobile device
store lines from stdin directly to list objects
find a replace string in xml file with
without pointers, can i pass references as arguments in?
how to check if an argument was called without an action?
import multiple csv files into mysql with
convert from mac address to hex string and vice versa - both 2 and 3
if and else, instantiation with in them?
colon (:) in list index
select specific index, column pairs from pandas dataframe
update an entity in datastore app engine
group objects with same field value
how do i remove an xml declaration using beautifulsoup4
read the data of a single channel from a stereo wave file in
reconstructing the original data from detrended data --
immutable numpy array?
pass list by reference in through recursion
add empty directory to tarfile
, print delimited list
quickest method to iteratively slice list of date strings
how to make django admin shows onetomany instead of foreignkey
opening a hebrew path to file and using glob with hebrew
ic way to parse list of dictionaries for a specific attribute?
separating unspaced numbers from a string
change unix password from command line over /fabric
django authenticate using logged in windows domain user
how to pass more than one php arrays to script using json
sending back right information from distributed work on concurrent requests
regex search after a variable length text
how to convert pyframeobject to pyobject
: extracting lines from a database
what's a simple way to hard code a 6x6 numpy matrix?
trying to print the output from my function inside my gui window
read numeric data from binary file using
passing parameters from to a makefile
how to add bi-directional manytomanyfields in django admin?
difference between "import cv" and "import opencv.cv" using + opencv?
how to compare frequencies/sampling rates in pandas?
is there any way to enter a "while" loop while a boolean value is false
sorting of list containing utf-8 charachters
django: copying file copies only a part
how to select a submatrix from an adjacency list in?
get all keys based on time in redis
pass instance as function argument
dertermine if the inputs have 3 consecutive integers
convert first element of list a to list of first two elements of list a
most efficient way to reverse a numpy array
why is `with open()` better for opening files in?
import errors in eclipse based ide - existing module
ic way to use range with excluded last number?
mock object with method called multiple times
how to turn protocol number to name with?
diffing two folders (like the diff tool in linux) with
regex search which not starts and ends with any of specified letters
double index numbering to linear numbering
set i qt console start up location in win
how-to apache 2.2 mod_fcgid set path
sum of values in a dict
django model property - count foreign key for multiple instances of model
loop through each line in a text file to extract a unique list
how to reset a value in string
how to compile a function at run-time?
- overloading several operators at once
how to sort list within a list?
list of import statements in
using in statement in django orm
add a 0 or 1 based on a value in a certain column
numpy conditional arithmetic operations on two arrays
how to get the value of a html form text field into a django view?
file reading after file is all read
unexpected regexp work in 2.7 on non ascii symbols
flatten list in
how to handle many users in slack app for in? how to use the multiple tokens?
format string "}" fill
i notebook - configuring to shut down the kernel on closing the tab
how to use i magic within a script to auto reload modules?
trouble with implementing a linked list in
how to restrict editing of records to record's owner in django?
printing out csv rows apart from first row
combine lists row-wise ( )
check if values within a group are equal in pandas
arguments accepted by range() function in 3
baby steps to a solution with django and mod-wsgi on os x
server returns value to client in cherrypy
run shell command with input redirections from 2.4?
remove specific characters from a string
convert a numbered list into an order list
django dynamic file serving optimization
getting nested data from mongodb into a pandas data frame
writing result to an existing file in
beautifulsoup level 1 only text
twisted producer deferred write
numpy.matrix manipulations
how can i reorder a list in?
putting message into azure queue
how to remove elements from a list
numpy: calculate edges of a matrix
django rest framework add field to model before saving in viewset using modelserializer
filter a csv file with a list of search terms
: compare list items to dictionary keys twice in one for loop?
how to filter columns in numpy ndarray
find all the primes from 2 to n, using the sieve of eratosthenes
function to aggregate a set of data and output nested dictionary
movsx in
how can i extract video id from youtube's link in?
how do you make an array of lists from seperate arrays then find most frequent value per lists with
case insensitivity in strings
on windows, how to convert a timestamps before 1970 into something manageable?
how to use aws cli in or node.js programming language?
random number generator in on linux
| change text color in shell
how to get how many of each item is in a list?
how to set zoom factor in mayavi
aws s3 through boto - checking disk space
absolute xpath returns empty list, generic query better?
how can i copy a string to the windows clipboard? 3
using result of function for regular expression substitution
rebalancing after failover a couchbase node
fill matrix with transposed version
plus equals with subclass in
match string and put all results in a list in
printing multiple variables of a class
which display manager for a non interactive app and mplayer?
extend str class to take additional parameters
more efficient way to extract lines from a file whose first column matches another file
how to convert str to unicode ( persion )?
trying to exit using a set in. what am i doing wrong?
running one process in parallel linux
iterate through second value of each nested list in
self.sendline or self.transport.write?
, creating a new variable from a dictionary? not as straightforward as it seems?
how to clean up.gpx data before writing to a.csv file in
maximum number of connections per host with twisted.web.client.agent
how to find holes in a pandas time index
initiate a parallel process from within a script?
looping through variables and testing for user input
pymongo find() vs find()[:]?
list of installed fonts os x / c
transfering 4d array from to jython
allow list append method to return the new list
django queryset filter checks if related objects exist
matplotlib heatmap: image rotated when heatmap plot over it
array.array with strings as data type
how to convert string to seo-url?
find full path of interpreter?
- matplotlib modify xticks for a "loglog" plot
map discrete value to color
regex for replacing times with comma to a dot in
how do i clear screen in iron console?
convert image to a digital matrix using
appengine - how to pass query strings in app.yaml
difference between virtualenv and virtualenv-3.4
: add occurrences of a list element and its total count to another list, avoid adding duplicates
sqlalchemy add columns to query() on mapped class
removing non english sub headings and paragraphs
django rest framework not authenticating custom user model
data structure design
how to display a image over a map with imshow?
getting the first elements of a dictionary without using a loop
how to establish a ssh connection through or jython and run a script remotly?
get current route instead of route_path in pyramid
how to plot two dataframe on same graph for comparison
json decode and search
- file to dictionary?
convert content-type header into file extension
: how to handle timestamps (iso8601)
create variable names on demand
using regex for twitter data
can i write a file name containing path separators in linux?
parse solr output in
remove white space before a string character
getting element from a certain numpy array returned from opencv?
validation data type check going against expectations?
image processing of a ball
how can i make a blank subplot in matplotlib?
use concurrent.futures with tornado event loop?
write list of tuples to sqlite
how can i reverse multirow list
convert string from xmlcharrefreplace back to utf-8
how can i bind to the length of a listproperty?
is it possible to bind an on click event on a wx.statictext?
subtract sql datetime from datetime.now() in
how to specify a directory and a function with upload_to in django
append only unique names instead of duplicates
iterate through dictionary by keys in order
is there a statics finder for django that will find statics in eggs?
convert pandas datetimeindex to yyyymmdd integer?
get filepath from shell working directory in?
- best way to check if tuple has any empty/none values?
unique image hash that does not change if exif info updated
how do i grab an instance of a dynamic php script output?
how to hide chromedriver console window?
converting string to number in
centered text in matplotlib tables
: generate a string array based on indexing
add and compare datetime in
tkinter grid-geometry sticky setting not effective(?)
facepy: how do i get a list, by friend, of pages liked by my friends
django-rest-framework manytomanyfield create and update
turtle: draw concentric circles using turtle's circle() method
file.write adding multiple lines in for loop
how to filter data and print out string using beautifulsoup?
how to update a dict with default key:value pairs given in another dict
implement web based desktop application with
regex for complex list and integer combinations
how can you define a variable that will never be matched in?
django - allow duplicate usernames
selenium test not opening a browser django
google app engine efficient way to put large data in datastore
how to sort keys of dict by values?
converting the values from dicts into a tuples
executing a script from the command line in windows 7
function with list inputs in
parsing a file with ".data" extension in?
algorithm equalivence from matlab to
is it possible to sort a mongodb array of subdocuments straight with pymongo?
collapsing dict keys into one key:
pandas concatenate all elements of dataframe into single series
which special characters must be escaped when using regex module re?
using len() and def __len__(self): to build a class
ic django object reuse
how to take inverse of 2 raise to something in 2.5 (strict)
passing a pointer value to a c function from
weighted average of 2 tuples, each having 2 dictionaries (of dictionaries)
should i, and how to, add methods to int in?
ic way of getting max of dictionary after applying custom function
posting a multidimensional array from
how can i do comparison in list of dictionaries for key values?
when adding to list why does copy values instead of pointers?
how to work with two apps in django
: vi mode when reading from stdin
omit one value from a range
loops vs comprehension lists vs map for side effects (i.e. not using return values
generator function for matplotlib animation
combining 3 arrays in one 3d array in numpy
how can my chameleon template accept message flashes from the pyramid framework?
send for loop output to email in
keep named pipe open
how to convert blob to string
better solution to get differences between list elements
json keys are shuffled in
using refresh token with google directory service api
django populating choicefield with attributes from a foreignkey
php/ date conversion
calculating variable only once
how do i increase the cell width of the i notebook in my browser?
in pyramid, how to check if view is static in newrequest event handler?
how to use a parameter to select one or more columns in a select statement
add 1 day to my date in
get difference in days between today's date and previous date
how to check if the key the i want is existing in
non-numbered pages in reportlab
how to pass value into templatetag from template in django
better way of getting information from a table using xpath in?
a better way to exclude punctuation/non-alphabet characters from a string?
get the bit number that differs between two (binary) numbers
how to break a long with statement in
reaching a dictionary inside a list of dictionaries by key
subclassing numpy.ndarray
sum of all values in a dict
variable list name in.append
how to grep in multiple line and use -a option
twisted for long data
webapp2: get value of variable of requesthandler class
is it possible to sort elements in a tomanyfield attribute using tastypie?
what would be a good way to deal with backslash escaped characters?
twitter json text filter
store old password hashes in django, so users can't reuse the same password
appengine getting all references
read all file from a directory (with different cwd)
creating flat list from two lists
best algorithm to compare two lists in
how can i efficiently pack binary data into a file in?
searching the word in a list with more a's
spoj alphcode iterative dynamic programming
search for a key in lua which contains a certain string
taking 3 or more combinations using `combinations`
multiple substitutions of numbers in string using regex
using list comprehension to "merge" a list within a list
grouping dates in django
: validating function parameters
how can i find matching values in two lists?
pymongo auto sort the input dictionary
get least significant digits from a float (without using string operations)
commenting regular expressions in
add timeout argument to's queue.join()
how can i edit a qlistwidget item without removing it to edit and adding back?
control font in tkmessagebox
disable cell editing with gridcellchoiceeditor on osx using keyboard
how can i change from 2 http request code to 3 requests
i - disable welcome message
scraping simple page: scrapy doesn't return all links
check if item is member of list of objects
regex help in
getting a reversed slice of an array that includes the base element
updating by index in an multi-dimensional numpy array
create class instance within a class
scrapy : getting only td elements with align=right
calculate average of list with hh:mm format
how do i roll up values to create a list in the cells of a dataframe per id using
why does formatting get all funky when returning more than one string?
in is using a for loop a correct programming technique to create objects?
add to an xml file in
how to assign a memory address to a variable in?
comparing a matrix with the corresponding image
simulating cli shell with
type imitation in
issue reading arrays from a.txt file
enumerate items in a list so a user can select the numeric value
chunk string in without breaking words
reading 3 bytes as an integer
updating a dataframe column in spark
how to form a 2d dict from a 2d list?
mathjax in i notebook fails for fairly large equations
searching through a 2d list?
pandas functions with and without parentheses
azure machine learning -
generate multiple random numbers to equal a value in
rearrange a list
show updated text file in
how to not specify default parameters in?
finding the largest power of 2?
extending ploneformgen
: convert string to class object
how to reload a module? clearing variable info
django: overriding __init__ for custom forms
- merge items of two lists into a list of tuples
: making a beep noise
all possible pairs of 2 list elements, and getting the index of that pair
how to get largest value from the 2-d array in
output list and numpy array into same file
save/load dictionary while conserving keys' datatype
to use (beautifulsoup) to pickup texts on not a direct webpage
numpy change all elements on condition on multidimensional array
how can the shape of a pytables table column be defined by a variable?
instantiation of "type" in
/django and an arabic document search application
why do some (e.g emacs and chrome) x windows report no name and class
resolving an intid
is it possible to access the key_name of an object from inside a jinja2 template?
replace value in array when greater than x
bulk creating related models in django
how to find different combinations of numpy array?
run multiple functions every second, write result to file
recursively rename file extensions
replacing cell, not string
how to write script in to reboot android tablet multiple times
stop subprocess from initiating a process more than once
close() func of http.client.httpconnection doesn't work?
how can i count occurrences of values in a list of dicts?
unpacking tuple-like textfile
how can i click the button next to a particular element in selenium?
how to make a, command-line program autocomplete arbitrary things not interpreter
is there a way to implement sample weights in logistic regression?
get a list of all values in a model
remove c function body
parsing a variable that may be multiple items
regex attaching raw to string variables
- override environment variables homedrive and homepath
how to write a function that takes a list of strings as input, and returns the count of
: function sub of re module
send a.csv file using requests 2.2.1 in 2.7.6
how to convert datetime.strptime() weird date format ( with the word "of" in it
2.7__unicode__(self) not working
i can save an interval in a variable?
saving django modelforms with multiple inheritance
baseline correction library
- short way to unpack list for string formating operator?
what's the best data structure for output that's processed by?
how to parse below.txt file?
tuples and list arrangements in
creating a smaller sub-array from a larger 2d numpy array?
how to parse and append to flexget yaml config file?
how to avoid negative numbers on axis in matplotlib scatterplot
beautiful soup adding quotations of html attributes
psycopg2 query returning decimal('value')
check if all elements in list1 exist in list2
: check if object exists in scope
class versus list (accessors coding style)
regex for string of groups delimited by " and,
django objects queryset filter by matching datetime
index a list where a regex matches
generating all combinations of nested tuples in
print output at the very beginning of the terminal
how does django guarantee a middleware's __init__ to be called only once?
turtle, delete line
randomly choosing a tuple set and then removing itself from the orignal tuple list
plone site: how do i get special characters to display properly on my plone page?
- spawn/run a new process using shell's stdin and stdout
how to create a subclass in that is inherited from turtle module
csv reader/writer handling quotes: how can i wrap row fields in quotes? (getting
disable firefox save as dialog-selenium
using selenium on itunes web site
- unittesting super() calls
how to draw a nonlinear function using matplotlib?
image library - create and paste image
hex string variable to hex value conversion in
how can i create a maya nurbs curve to match a joint chain?
regex findall occurances of a string inside a text file. how?
comparing user's facebook/twitter friends to site's users in /django
generate two-dimensional normal distribution given a mean and standard deviation
batch renaming 100k files with
regex for dollar amounts including commas and decimals
mongodb returns no results in
how to make this process work faster?
drop all duplicate rows in pandas
pandas.cut with enumerated bins
: while loop unending
how to specify the output labels to keras lstm
get subdomain from url using
how to protect text when doing insert using mysqldb
matplotlib.pyplot: remove white space and keep same size while saving the image
number of elements inside a list
how to convert a list of string to a list of int
how to do an append to an existing field in a django model?
how to keep a list of lists sorted as it is created
evaluating requirements in using string.isalpha, return always true
what is the correct way of passing parameters to stats.friedmanchisquare based on
boolean testing a list in
execute code only if for loop did not begin iteration (with generator)?
xml: how to get elements by attribute value - 2.7 and minidom
execute script ignoring user's path
dictionary of technical terms in?
how to dynamically add members to class
if-else statement in with django
remove x ticks but keep grid lines
: add new line every n strings in a list
finding range of a numpy array elements
how can i perform a head request with the mechanize library?
how can i simply calculate the rolling/moving variance of a timeseries in?
daemonize
in how do you make a for loop counting by arbitrary increments?
modifying a regex expression
dictionary lookup returning multiple results?
wx drag and drop one folder then another to add to list
: hide open file dialog when running excel macro
hex string operation: need to preserve the leading zeros
sort list of strings by integer suffix in
how to detect cpu speed and h.d.d rpm in objective-c or
django makemessages not creating newly added languages
how to disable universal newlines in 2.7 when using open()
getting source of a page after it's rendered in a templating engine?
what is the proper way to track indexes in?
regex to only match substring a when substring b was not found
searching russian substrings in excel
printing a particular subset of keys in a dictionary
suppress/redirect stderr when calling webrowser
how do i print functions as they are called
easiest scripting method to merge two text files - ruby,, script,?
use output from one function in other functions without calling all the other functions
concatenating nested tuples
django views is it possible to select only the first four elements for a specific model.item?
pandas' read_sql with a list of values for where condition
matplotlib and pyqt plot and additional data to printer
test which numpy function argument has more than one element
using jquery to load a page in a div upon document.ready with flask framework
running methods in the same time
specifying exact version for travis ci in combination with tox
how can i thread my remote mongodb calls?
how to find range overlap in?
pyqt: qt.popup widget sometimes loses focus without closing, becomes unclosable
code to calcualte angle between three point using thier 3d coordinates
conversion of string into datetime in pandas
: adding elements in nested list if the first two elements are the same
partial regex matching in 3.2
parsing a string using regular expression?
select random group of items from txt file
in i notebook, pandas is not displying the graph i try to plot.
image overlay in 3d plot using
simple regex find pattern
change to ruby, very basic
syntax for rpy2 base.with function
re-run a code from a particular point
problem with inspect module-
1:1 call php from
how to update a key in a dictionary without overwriting the old value
pip install -r requirements.txt from puppet?
how to force json output to exclude 'l' from longs
trouble upgrading / django on centos
writing a script that calls different directories
determine if a path is legal
iron & windows.forms' control type
generating a random hex color in
snippet to remove c and c++ comments
using scrapy to get second page of results that uses script
subprocess finishes, but output file not available
system call
modules scope
how to check for palindrome using logic
: ctypes structure: how to access attributes as if they were ctypes and not via the given
how do you include newlines in a list unpack?
: changes to my copy variable affect the original variable
build a dictionary for find key by value
problem with f.readline()?
how to perform multiple list slices at the same time in
numpy - array vs asarray
sort list, based on a full and/or partial match
sort registers array without default methods
: uniqueness for list of lists
how to filter list of dictionaries with matching values for a given key
django template arithmetic
py2exe change application name output
modifying values of dictionary contained in a dictionary
wx : execute an event function automatically at program startup
how to exit linux terminal using script?
subprocess.popen use preexec_fn with arguments
how to read files from *.txt and import the data content to a png file that it create
string function in
numpy.where workaround
how do i get contents of a google wave given the wave id and wavelet id?
mysql if variable does not exists still submit
storing an array of integers with django
blackjack code player cannot stand on a value of 15 or less
how can i test the actual resolution of my camera when i acquire a frame using opencv?
append to array in json object
find out if a gps waypoint has been passed
"denormalize" unicode combining characters
how to sort in decreasing value first then increasing in second value
how to isolate virtualenv from local dist-packages?
stopping a tornado application
how to show cycles in networkx graph drawing
script to find which key belongs which ip address after finding all non matching elements in?
how to convert a column with multiple values into binary variables in pandas
sqlalchemy, generated object id and zope transaction
how to remove all of the data in a table using django
list inside the object remembers it's members after creating a new one
distributing memory equally (or as fair as possible)
check worksheet name with win32com
subprocess command to run echo and leave the window open
get cygwin installation path in a script
create a pseudo random table based on user input
determine number of entries matching a given value, grouped by column
setting plot background colour in seaborn
change newline character.readline() seeks
iteration count in?
get the information of a row when a check is checked
download from media_root does not work
how to purge all tasks of a specific queue with celery in?
how can i generate cddiagrams using /rpy2
configparser is dropping comments when writing out
3.0: tokenize & bytesio
how to find sum of numbers from a file using a while loop?
find multiple string occurrences in
seaborn showing scientific notation in heatmap for 3-digit numbers
can't delete white space in a substring thorugh regular expression in 3x
converting string that looks like a list into a real list -
skip rows during csv import pandas
: import csv files, set dict name as filename, headers as keys, and columns as
testing if multiple objects are in a list using one "in" statement ( )
run localhost through grunt
create a textbox like in ms paint in
being able to print before declaring.
queues - have at most n threads running
how make an async requesthandler in tornado
how to download a zip file from a site ( )
can i capture remotely executed commands with its output in the logfile in?
periodic data with machine learning (like degree angles -> 179 is 2 different from -179)
get image from website
absolute index of the read() function
output all possible variants of a string
does django have a built in way of getting the last app url the current user visited?
set: why is my_set = {*my_list} invalid?
how do i stop play function from printing?
how do i pass a new dictionary name as a parameter to a function in?
ajax used in django
searching strings with
getting all attributes of an element with minidom
can you execute a single line as a target of a thread?
script on linux and autostart at boot path
install certain packages in all virtualenvs
updating kivy gui using clock object?
downloading images from url in memory and creating zip archive in memory to send to the browser
matplotlib coordinates format
create quadratic equation using library
why is this tiny pygame program freezing and doing nothing?
how to determine whether the number is 32-bit or 64-bit integer in?
when does create class object in memory?
how to make a list in distinct based on a property of the class in the list?
django not recognizing the media_url path?
using beautifulsoup in to iterate over non href links within an xml and retrieve specific information
matplotlib: change background color of colorbar (when using transparent colors)
threads with classes
how does qgraphicsview receive mouse move events?
abbreviating several functions - guidelines?
is a class or instance in the meta class?
xmltodict: how to preserve xml element order?
how do i programmatically check whether a gif image is animated?
more ic way to do this (string splitting)?
get http request data in django url dispatcher? is this possible? if so, how?
union of 2 searchqueryset in django haystack
how to return some variable once in few seconds to client?
adding numbers in a list but only after a certain number
get random line from csv file in and find corresponding word, like a quiz
using array's column as boolean to change another column's values
removing duplicates using custom comparisons
what's the relationship between size of integer and complex objects?
computing the fiedler vector in
are there any built-in cross-thread events in?
compare archiwum.rar content and extracted data from.rar in the folder on windows
read in specific values from a file and store them in a list
alternating tick labels in matplotlib
how do i get content from xml tags when the same tag is used multiple times using lxml in
find out if an object is callable
how would you model this database relationship?
building blogs rss feeds using django ( )
extract url where text matches a regex - with xpath 1.0
read formatted string
how can i make a django form field contain only alphanumeric characters
copying dictionaries in
flask - submit a form (text area, files,...) with script/jquery/ajax
django testcase not saving my models
pass n arguments to a third party function
appending two dataframes with same columns, different order
login_required django decorator
calling scripts in meteor
why does math.ceil return a float?
walker that does not go into specific folders
pygame ( ) scale transform slow
gpio.getmode() in on raspberry pi gets different value than on wiki
: remove empty lists from within comprehension
create a numeric string using three variables
-wnck set focus to window
use r to crate graphs/plots/charts and gtk to display and interact with them
getting the json object of a json object in?
how to return primary keys generated from a copy from statement in postgresql?
upstart script
using the regex or operator to accommodate user input of "a" or "an"
get the content of an <input> textbox with
why does this function only have one output?
creating a nested dictionary
: list append - each time create a new list?
execute 3 code from c# forms application
// remove string // array
pandas shift moving discarded elements to the beginning
why does remove() not remove the value specified?
how to select columns from dataframe by regex
how to make a function visible for other modules
pyqt gui based crud application
django with 3, results of sql query in selectbox
how do you create different variable names while in a loop? ( )
why does this return an empty tuple?
grouping a pandas dataframe by date with and plotting
how to format a line in?
ignore provided input in
mark file for removal from?
embed interpreter in a application
draw simple shapes and save to file (pdf)
check for existence of dev files from bash script
is there a "join" like function for generic lists in?
scipy optimize.curve_fit cannot fit a function whose return value depends on a conditional
selecting a particular row from groupby object in
how to make random.random() incorporate negatives
is it possible to override a single textfield in django admin?
variable function call in
how to prevent from escaping special characters when reading a regex from a text file?
how to declare an optional argument (mode) in the function(non_optional, mode="
does appengine urllib use sslv3? tls?
yield - statement or expression?
resizing grid data from etopo using for loops
search patterns with variable gaps in
parsing json file in
viewing photos within an album in admin page
passing control to a different handler in flask (analogy from node.js express)
using selenium's api - how do i get the number of rows in a table?
matplotlib doesn't open plotting window when ploting in a cycle
how to form an unique collection with one element taken from each array?
sockets how to not queue connection requests
how to execute a function within a function and not stop the execution
- doing absolute imports from a subfolder
model formset refresh extra field disappears
using the min function
going about programming a minecraft server status checking program
numpy statistics, creating an array with certain statistics properties
how do i refer to the current directory in functions from the 'os' module?
recursive thread creation in
check if string in pandas dataframe column is in list
: find surrounding parts of a string with irrelevant section in the middle
pyspark run multiple functions on an rdd
sending post request on an already open url in
keyinput won't work in (pygame.k_left)
how to modify variables of another scope?
trying to combine (concatenate) elements from 3 lists into one, new list
simple implementation of sessions in?
sort list
generate list from values of certain field in list of objects
accessing slider value directly in variable
django forms want to auto-save user, client and datetime
get plain text from a qlabel with rich text
deploy flask in production with geventwsgi and nginx
using ajax in django to delete a row in a table represented by a model
function that returns greatest integer
how do i write data to csv file in columns and rows from a list in?
save a numpy matrix
cython: same speed defining the static type of numpy
code object and purpose of co_name attribute
how to find a unix process in
list item combinations
check if required variable has been passed
flake8 complains on boolean comparison "==" in filter clause
how to get reference count of a pyobject?
customized command line parsing in
beautiful soup: not grabbing correct information
, fizz buzz inserting the range as a parameter of the function
itertools.izip() for not predefined count of lists
process memory usage output
how do you get the total size of a torrent in libtorrent?
django model with crud operations
get rid of get_profile() in a migration to django 1.6
how to combine and get a single file by resolving the imports
remove characters between backslashes in string in
return all possible combinations when selecting a single item from multiple bins, with an if condition
how to query any constraint's target list without knowing the constraint type?
pandas: how to convert a cell with multiple values to multiple rows?
compatible way to use either :py or :py3 in vim?
using bio ( ) to extract sequence from fasta file
trying to find the list with fewer elements
is it possible to remove a class definition from?
instantiating different classes dynamically
: calling functions whose names are stored in variables
deleting an empty line in
is there a better way to find out if an object is in a list in?
plotting in
how to check for a letter in raw_input
insert or replace in sqlite3 where column =
read and write the same text file
using mpld3 to make an interactive bar chart
get mutplie values from a dict at once
implicitly called task / function on fabric startup?
printing format in - expected left allignment
update list of dictionaries elementwise in
image creation loops
how to calculate physics in?
get individual hostnames from round-robin dns record
pycurl/curl not following the curlopt_timeout option
drop extraneous decimal places when using's decimal.decimal
changing element value with beautifulsoup returns empty element
script for downloading all ctrl+alt+del webcomics?
how to supply not all default arguments in?
remove items from two lists if they meet a criteria
is there a more efficient way to write results from a query in?
boost:: windows 7 64 bit
lookup value inside dictionary-of-dictionary
fabric run fork
django rest framework return file
in is there a way to check if a function is a "generator function" before calling
how to dynamically create directories and output files into them
can i patch 'random' using unittest.mock.patch?
in flask, set a cookie and then re-direct user
current state of mouse using iron and.net
best way to speed up a double summation
find element next to element with specified text
retrieve file metadata using gridfs
number of trainings done with pipeline and gridsearchcv
window opencv in in terminal
is it possible to return two lists from a function in
pandas: finding cosine similarity of two columns
how can i sort a list of classes by inheritance depth?
how do you find a lastest pk in a django table?
2to3 manual modification
can't iterate over nestled dict in django
matching "..." = "..." in via regex
bar plot with different colors in
: insert string (colon) in between hex
in how can i replace a value in a text file with a new updated version of that
mysql: set "diff" bit when insert different value on duplicate key?
numpy - calculating product of a diagonal
exscript control cisco execute'reload' command
parsing flv header (duration) of remote file in
directing sublime text 2 packages to the correct installation
is there any expression in that similar to ruby's ||=
letter and number count in raw_input
make a string output as a list
tkinter multiple commands
how do i get dimension data from analytics reporting api
cassandra or mongodb for good scaling and big amount of queries
how to take same index element from a list with 2 lists
wx richtextctrl. how to set a background color to a text selection
need an easy way to remove duplicates of nested tuples in
list.count(x) in 2d list
how to select a value from an array (see discription for more info)
how change button logic on flask admin?
using scrapy to scrape nested json data?
sort a list with a custom order in
nosetests ran 0 tests
how to access class module from object instance?
how to seperate login redirect urls in django
network convert byte
filtering tweets by location
how to run a script with options
how do i capture the stdout and stderr of a call statemen
reading a delphi binary file in
what "tools" are available in standard library
is there a ic way to grab the total amount of variables within lists inside a dict?
how to loop on 3.4.2?
how to print the number of columns and lines in a csv file?
how to run svn commands from a script?
array parsing
p12 to pem
automatize input_fields declaration from a csv file using
how do you write a swig interface file for a function that uses vector<string>?
basic sound programming
how can i use numpy to calculate a series effectively?
generate connected undirected graph script
how can i retrieve the current seed of numpy's random number generator?
add zeros as prefix to a calculated value based on the number of digits
can i use multiple search criteria in one regex query to return a tuple?
stripping variable borders with re
save django request logs in a file
- search for keyword and print line above
how to remove adjacent duplicate elements in a list using list comprehensions?
how do i do this in script and django?
creating a dictionary with same values
how to decompose url into model and parameters in django
write a program that determines if user input is even or odd and loops
django, full state name from usstatefield
iterating nested dictionaries
how to convert elements(string) to integer in tuple in
when should i create multiple test functions and should i use pytest fixtures for global variables?
how can i turn symbols and whitespace into a 2d list? best way?
how to connect to databse using z39.50
string matching in with re
calling subprocess.call hangs when i set the stdout
recursion leads to never ending error when it does not pass if statement
working with persistent temporary files and folders
how to collect values from checkbox in app engine ( )?
elegant pattern for mutually exclusive keyword args?
svg rendering issues using i inline plots
finding permutation of numbers
how do i quit a django development server with a bash script?
getting the previous element in a list of lists
tkinter: bind return key to the ok button -- but not to the text widget
how to mock.patch a plain dictionary in?
how to scrape the same url in loop with scrapy
jsencrypt to pycrypto rsa encryption not possible
print a file/directory name as it finds it
py search files in folder and subfolders
how do i search a list that is in a nested list (list of list) without loop
update a variable used in an infinite loop
: get command name of popen instance
looking for a dict comprehension from a loop i wrote
regular expressions: how to filter for two things at once
find the most nested (), solving with sympy, and work outwards?
q how to plot n-gram positions in text
django reading index of each item returned
naive and easiest way to decompose independent loop into parallel threads/processes
matplotlib change axis scale
numpy - efficient conversion from tuple to array?
re backreference repeated elements
django - call a view on button click, not passing any information
referencing another project
add item to list if not already exists
how to compare a date against a datetimeproperty in an ndb query
how to escape or unscape this sequence?
seperate one part list into four part list with
's subprocess removing mysql columns and spacing
create file wrapper that can be opened
list of lists (not just list) in
django calling methods from models
how do you get kivy to refresh the size of a widget when the window resizes?
what is the proper way to handle multiple conditionals in a wx file dialog?
pyqt - creating buttons from dictionary
avoid storing passwords in plaintext for imap access via
creating grid with numpy performance
cartesian product to get set of indices to point to unique elements in numpy array
how to hide sub-directories in the url with web2py
how to set explicitly the terminal size when using pexpect
django: admin login with parameter
scatter plot. size and style of the marker
can a function feed two values into another function?
classes and methods in
how do i find index of list in nested list in
adding a library to c
re find index position of first search match
how can i set the max allowed line length to 120 in syntastic for vim?
how to iterate over two different iterable objects
numpy/scipy find count or frequency of a relative variable in multi-dimensional array
xpath run text() through regular expression to return numbers only
single precision big endian float values to's float (double precision, big endian)
watching a property for changes
scraping data and inputting it into two different tables
extract from each element of list in
run os.system() multiple times simultaneously in?
getting the position of an item in a list from an input ( )
how can i check if a string contains any letters from the alphabet?
update last record only
remove spaces between/after td elements using beautifulsoup
how to call a function from a foreign language thread (c++)
: alternative to looping through 60000 rows
multidimensional lists and their dependency
staying logged in using requests and
convert c array of pointers to array of structures
how to get a list from query in sqlalchemy
list comprehension break down, deconstruction and/or disassemble
format list of tuples to 1 decimal
unpack list of strings inside another list of strings
unpivot dataframe in pandas
3: formatting a string with multiple same keywords but unique strings to replace them
locals() and globals() are the same?
linking 2 strings
how to enter a neo4j cypher query using bulbs?
executing a script when web page is loaded
change multiple items in a list at one time in
sort list of filenames by number
possible to remove/deactivate variables from an executed line?
pyqt interactive usuage
2.6: process local storage while using multiprocessing.pool
: using del in for loops
django generates 'where... between...' sentences?
pyramid, chameleon and template rendering
: testing inter-dependence between strings
regex search for three terms
pexpect returning the command and the output from the command
using '\displaymath' directives in docstrings formulas
pandas pivot table count values (exclude "nan")
detecting user events in pygame
writing huge mongo result set to disk w/ in a resource friendly way
call torch7 (lua) function from?
how to obtain sheet names from xls files without loading the whole file?
check whether value in list of tuples
adding a column in pandas while editing the values
django: remove "view on site" button in the admin user change form
importing assignment into modul re/expected string or buffer,
how do i create an array slice using the numpy c api?
how to import csv file as numpy.array in?
text file
how to add directory to sys.path on i startup
custom opener or request headers
telling django to use an integer as a foreign key on demand
how do i send input to and get output from bc using?
mock command line arguments for script with `optparse`?
can one set the text colour for a wxmenuitem in?
last row of a queryset in django template
how to print out all the text information from an html-file with lxml parsing?
primefinder doesn't work the way i want it to
regular string of hex values to binary string
in, how do i reference a class generically in a static way, like php'
submitting a http post via and seeing escape characters in the json posted
download photo without telegram bot api
how to save a list as a.csv file with with new lines?
how to get base url of website in jinja2?
count files and display max
why is ordereddict() ~10x slower than dict() and list()?
split a string of a specific pattern into three parts
read in multiple.txt files and row bind using pandas
cycle colors when plotting in matplotlib: tracking state on a per-instance basis
how do i redirect an user back to the page they were trying to access once they log in
: read output script twice and write two columns to csv
get the description of a status code in requests
: garbage collection fails?
script to update host using foreman's api
optional parameter in regular expression
adding dictionary values with same key within a list
few slot connection in cycle
how to prepend http if the url doesn't have http in it?
ravel() 3d array in a peculiar order -
accessing a int16 array using numpy.i and swig
numpy index a 1d array to 2d
logging not saving to file
timestamp in a json file
getting the data for a pie chart
ic way to perform a large case/switch
beautifulsoup:how to get rid of '\n' in the texts of html tag
from password protected excel file to object
virtualenv on ubuntu with no site-packages
writing a basic program
converting bitwise operations into
alternative to nesting for loops in
script to output data as csv and not json object
calculating count of timestamp
bottle py and jinja2 global variable
can django orm do an order by on a specific value of a column?
how to split string array to 2-dimension char array in
wx : making a frame be on top of everything
avoid circular model imports in django apps
equivalent of matrix::chol and matrix::solve in r?
using numpy load only lines fitting certain criteria
write last three entries per name in a file
drawing rectangle with border only in matplotlib
finding voronoi regions that contain a list of arbitrary coordinates
: http post a large file with streaming
: conditional or
search and import multiple words from txt file on bio
extracting regular expression from string
member variables in?
how to pass values from pygame sprite group
creating a videoclip of only one frame and finding the frame rate of an existing video
get specific value when trying to access outside of matrix
population genetics modelling in
how do i create an alias for a variable in?
i/o and string matching
using lambdas in a function within a function
how to create this dictionary?
how to remove the box around the code-block in restructuredtext with sphinx
use spines and tick_params in matplotlib style sheet
build a pyobject* from a c function?
what is the difference between keyword: is and == in
basic dictionary
django - logging when test fails
py2app help
increase performance of script (current method of using np.putmask)
checking a value falls between three ranges in
dumping http requests with flask
reading regexes from file, in
django: variables passed to templates by context manager not reflecting admin changes
show a pandas plot from a script
choosing variables to create when initializing classes
pyqt4: changing button icon on action
is there a ic way to check whether os is a 64bit ubuntu?
using a script to backup windows registry to file before editing
pika and rabbitmq - create a queue on a specific node
making my own lower case converter
regex to match word and trailing whitespace pairs
how to import modules from alternate locations when using idle?
how to get the name of parent directory in?
tkinter: format rgb values into string
make map() return a dictionary
compare two columns in pandas dataframe against the inverse
how to print file contents with filename before each line?
how to get values from the slider in pyside?
- sieve of eratosthenes when number is prime print "1" when not print
group values in a data structure
logout or switch user in windows using
how to distinguish between a sequence and a mapping
unicode in panda dataframe messed up when opened in excel
how to split string into words that do not contain whitespaces in?
is is possible to determine if a method was called via a property in 3?
sending verizon sms message via and smtplib
- multi-line array
assign values to multiple columns in pandas
how to aggregate elements of a list of tuples if the tuples have the same first element?
how rename the images in folder
datatype in (looking for something similar to str in r)
cdll can't find module
/django: how to deserialize foo[]=1&foo[]=2&
popping all items from list
iterating html with beautifulsoup
pandas dataframe row reduction/compression (for rows having the same value)
handling pandas dataframe columns with mixed date formats
how do i remove packages installed with's easy_install?
changing ordinal character data to numeric data with pandas
change tcp payload with nfqueue/scapy
matplotlib: change color of individual grid lines
pandas utf-8 write to excel issue on windows only
how can i check pooled connections in sqlalchemy before handing them off to my application code?
pydub and aplay: suppress verbose output?
finding position of utf8 substring in string in
(pygame) problems with mouseover detection
pandas counting unique rows
pandas: get rows in 1st dataframe with same values (in two columns) in another dataframe
reading dates and data from a file ( )
how to delete rows from a table using an sqlalchemy query without orm?
can i find the path of the executable running a script from within the script?
script to show progress
what is the point of float('inf') in?
how to get the items from the dictionary
how to use the values assigned to variables during string formatting?
: comprehension to compose two dictionaries
how to group sequences of tuples with similar elements keeping order?
mysql update, working but not updating table
postgresql drop table doesn't work
- write to file with color and font
change xticklabels fontsize of seaborn heatmap
is it possible to display the commands being executed when running a.sh script in the terminal
fast way to read from stringio until some byte is encountered
pandas dataframe filtering
remove element in a list with condition
to plot this.mat list data in
poor mysql performance on ec2 micro instance
numpy machine epsilon
prime number generator taking too much time
check word exist in a string contents in any cases
caffe: reading lmdb from
turtle plot regression
how to determine cpu and memory cost of a function?
delimiting choices in modelchoicefield
reporting the best alignment with pairwise2
get usernames for a retweet?
individual alpha values in scatter plot / matplotlib
how can i send a get request from my flask app to another site?
moving data (based on a class) from.py to a dictonary in another.
reduce "for loops for big data" and make improvement
how can i have increasing named variables?
variables in other variables
repeating contents of a file into another file using
tkinter sequential execution ordering
iterative patch generation for image segmentation - possible to optimise?
using pandas to select rows using two different columns from dataframe?
creating several profile classes in django
subtract unless negative then return 0
subsampling a numpy array?
how can i read the contents of all the files in a directory with pandas?
append word to input file name for output file name
parsing url with regex
for cycle in's way in matlab
dictionary update method
how to change the attributes for all objects inside a list in (3)?
django querying with through table properties
need help using to parse log file
ctypes buffer modification
making a plain ascii/utf-8 request/stream http post request in?
accessing range of values within lists in numpy
- neat way of creating multiple objects?
elementwise multiplication of numpy matrix and column array
dbus.array (reading pidgin messages from )
change the color of a node or an edge
django: auto instantiation of custom primary key?
pandas - convert list to string & wide to long with one column
change axis style
generate list of subplots in same order as they will be plotted.
appending successfully to a list
group by column to get array results in postgresql
pyqt acess selectionchanged content
using shell escape (!) in simulink model (matlab function)
mpi4py returning rank differences
printing a randomly chosen variable in
remove number of bytes from beginning of file
appending to lists in
find a string using beautifulsoup in
generic function to replace special characters
merging dictionaries from a list of dictionaries in
get numpy array with only certain indices
global variable empty in function
efficient numpy / lapack routine for product of inverse and sparse matrix?
how to do a non-greedy lstrip()
travis special requirements for each version
plot large matrix using matplotlib
write list items to a text file in
how to print dictionary values in a list of dictionaries?
scipy & i notebook: how to save and load results?
testing django coupled with celery
is there a method to load a 2d array into three 1d arrays?
a way to view non-standard message headers after email sent with mailgun?
how can i manually trigger re-execution of a shared py.test fixture?
how to resolve relative paths in?
calling different functions in based on values in a list
designating a font in tkinter?
overriding special methods on an instance
pygame, draw the same frame for a set amount of time
how to open a binary file as raw string in?
how do i change the look and feel of the wx tool bar?
spaces in coding style
how to get division by -0.0 and 0.0 to result in -inf and inf, respectively?
how to use xgoogle
get user input as int or str
how do i access outer functions variables inside a closure( 2.6)?
faster/better way to modify (tuple defined) parts of a numpy array in?
how to find if two numbers are consecutive numbers in gray code sequence
how to view an rgb image with pylab
migrating to mongodb: how to query group by + where
is it possible to append figures to matplotlib's pdfpages?
find elements by xpath with fallback
how to get the first finished async result from pool
averaging scores in database (django)
append to filename
convert timestamp to datenum
isinstance check of variable and module
merging custom objects with structure similar to lists, using
read in binary file
how should you use argparse to choose which action to perform and pass arguments to it?
: print out all values of a complicated data structure (excluding hash keys)
using array.array in ctypes
how to make 18 separate scatterplots for 18 different columns from the same pandas dataframe?
plotting dataframe with column in all subplots
looking for reading audio wave values in
ic method of increasing two counters depending on boolean check
extracting only characters from a string in
defining a white noise process in
tkinter widget.place method does not work
what happens if you append a list to itself?
filter out a specific string in a larger string?
extract data from a website's list, without superfluous tags
sharing objects between setup and teardown functions in nose
django - proper way to separate site-specific content from templates?
how to create a general class for other class can have the same model as well
retrieve a numeric id from a model instance just created
regex : get page and subpage from url
- replace backslash with forward slash (dropbox aspect)
how to find the smallest number in each line of numbers? without using min()
how to get two values from two seperate lists to print ( )
strftime %a fixed length
creating a timer in
matplotlib: disable powers of ten in log plot
multiple comparisons style?
how can i convert 110_181 to 11.0.181
global exception handling
how to discard an element from a set without rearranging it?
3: convert a list into a dictionary
putting the focus on the tray icons in windows xp using
filter and map in one? ( )
how to grab one random item from a database in django/postgresql?
what are the steps involved in running the same script in parallel in amazon ec2 or pic
nested for loops to fill an array
overly complex expression to calculate the change in a pandas series
find if there are consecutive occurrences of an int in a list of ints
returning list of sorted words
fbx sdk - get the fbxnode from an enodeid of a character
data request string
show the dictionary key in django template
sending message from one server to another in twisted
passing.csv values to a script in powershell
can't resize matplotlib window
elegant inverse function of int(string,base)
tic tac toe game on using turtle
assigning a list element with the sum of the other elements
empty space in between rows after using writer in
manipulate data for scaling
don't want to create a new database if it doesn't already exists
remove html tags in appengine env (equivalent to ruby's sanitize)
requests proxy not working
modify loading website html code with selenium
getting the first elements per row in an array in?
check for blank csv value not working
calling async_result.get() from within a celery task
non-capturing group inside a named group
writing a single table value in sqlite3
how to import code into views.py file in django
write a string when i wait for the return answer of a function
passing same arguments to multiple functions -
load testing with's requests?
how can i incorporate cmake file when building with distutils?
function with arguments from other function
appending a dict from another program in
url parsing in - normalizing double-slash in paths
how to add to a dict in a loop, similar to php
sending a parameter to a view
solving 'triangle quest' puzzle in
counting a list starting from 0
: creating a loop to update data
how to view doc on connect function in socket module in
how to write a generator that returns all-but-last items in the iterable in?
using's stat function to efficiently get owner, group and other permissions
adding names to numpy arrays
passing mysql data from flask to script for google charts
how do i convert this line of into c++?
how to call pyramid server from script
is there an easy way to populate slugfield from charfield?
make an ajax call to pass drop down value to the script
i need to replace a string in one file using key value paris from another file
dynamically create a function with a specific name
strptime parsing year without century: assume prior to this year?
how to (efficiently) check if any two elements differ by 10
enter shell script variable value non-interactively using
: split integers and strings in lists
alternate ways of saving a list into a file in
scipy -- how to extract randomly an array from a list
unpack from hex to double in
- download url and save with generic filename
create a dictionary from a text file of variable columns
how to show tick labels on top of matplotlib plot?
s-t cut algorithm in
converting base64 images to base64 jpg
pil image.tostring('raw') and iplimage->imagedata
how add together all numbers from a file separated by a non digit
understanding requests session parameters
iterate across lines in two files simultaneously in
plotting color coded markers in matplotlib-basemap
i parallel and multicore processes
how can i initialize an embedded interpreter with bytecode optimization from c++?
what's a good way to format this?
script to calculate the time between 2 successive packets received over the serial port
how do i get all text from within this tag?
integer square root in
right alignment for table cell in pyqt
how can i smooth out these signal traces using?
how to remove these duplicates in a list ( )
remove and return adjacent elements from a list
how can i update qtextedit as user writes on it? (on )
how to update multiple objects and increment from 0 to first if filtered to last
- functions access to global variables
in opencv can you have a weight per pixel with addweighted?
+ readline + auto-completion (tab): why are dashes and question-marks treated
how to address elements of multidimensional array with variables?
paring down a dictionary of lists in
element-wise multiplication of two lists
sqlite over lan
sleep for exact time in
what module should i use for updating?
optimized averaging of large array?
convert tweepy json object to dict
making the while loop del guess from card[list]
checking compatible total orders given by a list
3.4 importing a util class from another directory
how to pass escaped string to shell script in
i notebook does not produce output
how to access the first and the last elements in a dictionary?
change self of parent class to subclass
creating a list of lists based on same index and item
extracting part of string through regex in
convert ipv6 to an integer
formating string in c
django, retrieving database news items promoting a certain author
py: url encode without variable name
disjoint-set forests in alternate implementation
how to peform mathematical operations on some fields in?
extracting columns from text file using perl one-liner: similar to unix cut
sudden exit with status of -9
null object in?
designing a model that retains revision history
how to get text between 2 lines with
how can a zope.interface.interface require implementation of a list of objects that implement another interface
extracting a substring from a string and also including 10 characters before and after
how to return value web from sqlite?
select rows in pandas matching time condition
trying to create a regexp
how do i run tox in a project that has no setup.py?
fabric - no hosts found. please specify (single) host string for connection:
: how to output the fasta header or chromosome index figure according to the location?
django - how can i find the distance between two locations?
comparing 2 lists to remove unwanted words
django: passing a queryset to another view with httpresponseredirect
generate dates series
pandas dataframe diagonal
cut a large text file in small files
how to create a dictionary from a list of tuples without overwriting the first unique key value?
multiple workers altering the same data
select strings by positions of words
how to make a recursive function that builds a list
with specific dates and times in a database column, how do i query for all records on a
- how to read a video file as binary data?
read a file and download the links in that file use urllib.request in 3
in dictionary where keys are numbers, how to find key which is smaller but the most near to
typeerror: a bytes-like object is required, not 'binary'
how do i import a module whose name clashes with a module in my package?
how to derive the week start for a given (iso) weeknumber / year in
how to wrap a proper generator function around a sax parser
split a string in having parenthesis (multiple splitters)
create a list of files from a directory with various parameters
how to inset a new row at given position in pandas dataframe and shift indices below +1
conditionally extracting elements from a matrix in.
how can i sort mle probability according to the value?
calling an instance variable from a class that is inside of that class
add title to collection of pandas hist plots
creating a dictionary from a while loop ( )
mongoengine query set to list conversion
list to dictonary -
how to use paramiko logging?
creating packages
converting a set into a xml element
how do i remove verbs, prepositions, conjunctions etc from my text?
convert html ascii encoded text to utf8
string joining from iterable containing strings and ( nonetype / undefined )
loading class variables from json?
simple coding: how do i use text files as variables?
given an imported module, how can i determine the import path?
looping lists, but skip element on a condition
multiprocessing question
how can i render and cache a view programatically in django?
replacing a string with sed
capturing named groups in regex with re.findall
issue calling another library function using command line argument in
django query manytomanyfield in template
regex that recognizes ^^ and ^ as different
-c bash swtich newline
arma out-of-sample prediction with statsmodels
getting a class to display user inputted variables
how to extract certain parts of a web page in
splitting a pandas data frame into rows by count
how can i add only a file to zip and not the folder path leading to it in
issue with tracking continuously updated log file
what is equivalent of cvtermcriteria in opencv 2.3.1 and above?
write to new non-existent file in same directory, 2.7
using's subprocess module, is there a way to skip an execution when the call gets
: how to connect to azure cloud storage using shared access key?
pandas convert dataframe to dictionary with multiple values
html scraping: iterating through nested directories
cannot find element using selenium find_element_by_partial_link_text
: appending string constructed out of multiple lines to list
how to find what serial number a user has in twitter
how can i batch change the metadata of mp3 files?
how to check whether two nodes are connected?
convert string of list to list
spawning a separate thread of execution (i.e. sending log email to dev) in
can i change where the raw_input cursor is when the program is running? -
what is/are the equivalent(s) to the collections framework?
django query with an aggregate function
count and max after values() method on django query
querying for more than one document inside of view with motor
changing a specific column name in pandas dataframe
bash: how refresh shell after installing virtualenvwrapper [without restarting the shell]?
condensing code in with mappings
: how to be notified when the subprocess is ended opened by popen
: list not correct after appending lines
set color for xticklabels individually in matplotlib
selenium + - how to get the response from the site after uploading an image
why are the boundaries of my quicksort implementation awry?
in 3 (tkinter) is it possible to animate a frame?
the eval function in
recursive data reading
extract dictionary pairs into the interactive workspace using configobj or pyyaml
i want a django user to upload an arbitrary number of files
merging excel cells using xlsxwriter in
regexp: get text within parentheses
"converting" numpy arrays to matlab and vice versa
: how can i perform addition operator for two different text files?
matplotlib: make x-axis longer
only print max value ( )
django - form field will not update without server reset... instantiating a class again
why does it take so long to load filenames from a directory?
take a screenshot and use ocr on it
absolute string matching in
how to get values from specific node attributes in networkx with
while loop and if statement
: how to sort array of dicts by two fields?
: filter in file i/o
unique token count speed
/sqlite3 - is there a way to programmatically set.nullvalue?
mask a 2d numpy array based on values in one column
i pandas : why i cannot print the legend for matplot graphs?
how to bootstrap installation of modules on amazon emr?
how to i read several lines in a file faster using?
inverted fancy indexing
in, 'else' clause of if/else statement never fires
: image to 2-dimensional list
returning a structure using ctypes in
how to know if a running script dies?
does not come out from mainloop()
can i pre-compile a script?
regex matching on unexpected parts of search string
convert string into datetime type
using joined results for django model with legacy database schema
appending string data to top of text file in?
with scientific notation exy
how to capture first line from xml response in?
regex: how to make a group for each word in a sentence?
install scrapy for 2.6
subprocess: unable to escape quotes
pylab - use plot() result as image directly
can someone write a simple example of old style class and new style class?
input value for limit(unitest)
writing.csv files from for loops and lists
open multiple files, helper function
django getting the number of fields of a model
how to transform a key pressed into a different one in pygtk
choose location of compiled file
2.7 - xlrd - matching a string to a cell value
get a list of all options from optionmenu
how do i "freeze" an object, i.e. compute it once and then reference
django flatpages
string interpolation using dictionary and strings
in, is it possible to write a while loop and all its contents on one line?
label expression in arcgis 10.1
feeling stupid while trying to implement lazy partitioning in
: how to transform a string which carries the filename into a readable filename?
c/api assign a c++ variable
how can you refresh all regions in beaker cache in pyramid?
count number of repeated in the list
extract pattern matches
how to check if a timestamp is a whole hour
subprocess executed script wont write to file
pandas - sum objects in dataframe column and join with dataframe
matplotlib x-labels for logarithmic graph
how can i center a label in the center of a qwizardpage?
convert dictionary key and value to unicode
nested looping over tuple values in a dictionary with tuple keys
all possible numerical expressions
printing with exactly 1 space if a single digit?
time looping
slice pandas dataframe to get only oneday's data
add row to declarated table sqlalchemy
scraping specified links with beautifulsoup
- way to recursively find and replace string in text files
running multiple django projects under mod_, without using virtualhosts
sort list after numerical value in string
everything is utf-8.. but i only get dirt
pylint: attempting to unpack a non-sequence
addding a counting colum to a numpy array in
split a string w/ multiple delimiter and find the delimiter used
is there a way to make a drawing game on turtle with two turtles at the
how turn {{ fieldset.fields }} in django template into a string?
mixed slashes with os.path.join on windows
function prints none
how to get a functions arguments and values from outside the function?
remove (from list) all the items which contains other item -
using "if not" with multiple string arguments
ic way of exchanging between lists?
how can i reference a column without entering the column name?
: how can i find all files with a particular extension?
change i notebook font type
in, assign entries of dictionaries dynamically
querying my eve api from my flask code
getting specific data with beautifulsoup
does returning a constructor with new parameters overwrite the instance object?
boto upload with prefix
set iframe src response from flask
how to install a specific version of a package with pip?
ic way of handling multiple possible file locations? (without using nested trys)
how to resample a timeseries in pandas with a fill_value?
how to find index of second uppercase letter in a string
if-else statement returning true only for if condition
file object (f = open(filename)) expires after using once?
using amazon's api to find a product's upc ( )
regular expression to remove \n outside of curly bracket
how to search for question mark and / with regular expression?
list comprenhension using two list
check if dictionary has multiple keys
how do i delete line starting with ">" while reading a file to string in
getting total/free ram from within
need to count them items from a list
zlib from to
in how to get name of a class inside its static method
how do i delete or replace a file in a zip archive?
accessing websites using
write csv if condition is met
getting an attribute of an instance by string in?
why doesn't a %en0 suffix work to connect a link-local ipv6 tcp
how to 'add' text to a file using a function
architecting a multithreaded app with a rest interface
how do i open a file in whilst using pyqt5
: read array in binary file
pandas groupby without turning grouped by column into index
checking if row items of two columns in a pandas dataframe are the same
regex of a date in some text, enclosed by two keywords
how to access to the length of the dynamic string, sent as the print argument within the same
what's the difference between opening a file for update and just appending?
how do i get my jython script to synchronously invoke a method?
dynamic attribute value bind to method
user defined __mul__ method is not commutative
parsing: how do i strip out unicode characters?
django if statement not working
referencing a package installed with pip
make http request with cherrypy
how do i see what the "type" of an object is, in?
modify sphinx toc tree
read from file after write, before closing
advanced database queries with django
what data structures can be used to enhance code maintainability?
how find info about eth0 device in snmp information?
. phrase representation, how to change?
decorators applied to class definition with
how to separate two different phases of a protocol in twisted?
; the most performant way to implement element-wise vector multiplication
script implementation that allows access to [[call]]
- sending http requests as strings
add up the maximum value in each row of a matrix
grab back of string until terminating character
generate random number with jinja2
speed up n-gram processing
modelchoicefield queryset to another onetoone related table
django/ how should this cronjob be executed
how can you convert a list of poorly formed data pairs into a dict?
execute code after some time without using sleep in?
/django - get value of a manytomanyfield in a for tag
check unread count of gmail messages with
create video thumbnail from video source in
alter the hash function of a dictionary
rectilineargridsource from tvtk.rectilineargrid()
script to respond to subprocess prompts
: remove item from list if item has a number
center output (plots) in the notebook
sort list of dictionaries by date in 3.4
is 'file' a keyword in?
using multiprocessing pool of workers
changing an array from (rows, columns) to (rows) in numpy
function and class documentation best practices for
unpack positional arguments from data structure in
regex pattern to extract substring
how do i find the total ( )
overriding len in __init__.py -
how to compare all items in a list with an integer without using for loop
using to access dll functions with pointers
randomly select one element on every row
how to reuse create_user code in create_superuser?
comparing users input to a list in pythin
css file pathing problem
locating specific <p> tag after <h1> tag in html parser
how to create open chainshape in pybox2d
retrieving specific entries in nested lists
library to do jquery-like text extraction?
converting datetime to strptime
merging two tables by placing data when condition satisfies
why are my references dynamic in? why are objects being deleted from a list?
reading selected column only from csv file, when all other columns are guaranteed to be identical
regex: get name of named group
handle json events in
compare two trees/graphs in
how to share a cache?
is it okay to refer to a class variable in a base class that only exists in inherited classes
insert only populated entry tkinter
understanding json response types in, and ide autocomplete
how to redirect the output of.exe to a file in?
subsequence in a sequence of numbers
trying to make columns in text file from
script stdout comparison in
optional arguments function
variable assignment error
lookbehind assertion needed?
the fastest way to read binary files by bytes in
configure gae application app.yaml for subdomains
in how to pipe a string into an executables stdin?
number of matching elements in two lists
communicate with a subprocess
using imaplib, how can i create a mailbox without the \\noselect attribute
retrieving column name in django models
importing class and its function from another file
meta class inside class, how to get the name of the top class
in google app engines, how to display the html source of a page of a fetched url in
creating and implementing an interface using?
change unicode string into list?
catching terminal output in
get file name and change & save it in variable
convert unix timestamp to human format in django with
what is the corresponding matplotlib code of this matlab code
convert sre_match object to string
how to implement followers/following in django
what the simplest database to use with both and matlab?
custom legend in pandas bar plot (matplotlib)
splitting a string by math expressions
shutil.copyfileobj load line after line using time.sleep()
inserting a row at a specific location in a 2d array in numpy?
django class-based view: how do i pass additional parameters to the as_view method?
waiting for last line from subprocess
reflected greater than magic methods
removing image links from a list
how to make m2crypto work with aes128-cbc-pkcs7?
how to make this code generic
numpy: replacing values in a recarray
pil create thumbnail image with copyright text
plot function with large binomial coefficients
bash in : delete single quote
sqlite adding a row
how to get tweet ids (since_id, max_id) in tweepy (
can argparse take its input from a file?
how to filter objects by number of foreignkey objects without using raw sql?
copying values from the object of base class in
plotting a new graph after closing a first one in matplotlib
writing all the values of a dictionary in columns
how to read and divide individual lines of a file in?
is it possible to access the'releases' tag via pygithub?
expiration logic with datetimefield in django
, if condition on methods
django icontains with __in lookup
wait until connection active
beautifulsoup parse through poor tags
to parser a web page's images urls
pycharm project imports modules incorrectly
importing modules in and __init__.py
matplotlib 2nd axis label not showing
matrix transpose and zip
how can i do dynamic class generation in? (or would a series of if/el
django + mysql : round robin update of same table columns
django - pass url "name" attribute to view
quickly find lines from a log file, seeking backwards, then read line by line
using to remove extra characters from strings and remove two decimal places to make it an integer
2.7: 'ramn' == u'ramn'
creating dictionary from excel data
django: applying calculations to a query set
does a object which doesn't override comparison operators equals itself?
how do i add my project to'sys.path' on windows? (trying to
combining indefinite number of dictionaries for
fast method for removing duplicate columns in pandas.dataframe
return the smallest element value in a list of lists
sending c_types structure through network
: replace urls with title names from a string
more efficient way to create array
reversing a text and find same words -
handling a user-defined function that may have a variable number of arguments
read a file into and remove values
how to access variables and functions from within a class?
what is the best way to verify an os x user password using the standard library?
equivalent ruby code for
first time that x has happened
finding a key in a dictionary which appears first in a list
equivalent for php's implode?
how to create objects on the fly in?
tkinter menu total index counts
cpickle.dumps contain newlines
how to remove some connected components in?
how to exchange values between specific keys in a dictionary?
are these string operations equivalent in and?
how to sort the coordinate list?
using xmlrpc in web2py for command line interface for a web application
how do i remove all punctuation that follows a string?
how do i convert a string of hexadecimal values to a list of integers?
find an element and return the xpath to it using
decorator does not work when function is passed as object in a process
how do i send an email in django with a certain mimetype?
add property to one of the form fields in django
django: how to detect if translation is activated?
select multiple columns using sqlite3 in
unescaping string in regex replacements
getting dynamic attribute in
plotting 2 plots with different size in the same figure using
why does csv file contain a blank line in between each data line when outputting with dictwriter in
structured property or any better way?
. pass function with some parameters specified
conda - how to upgrade package not available on anaconda
how to deploy webservice on apache
how to set random time interval in scrapy/?
float precision about decimals
send parameters via url (urllib) to another machine
using to read images from a www.flickr.com account
how to combine these two functions in
anotation arrow direction
issue system call from, get filename for output
django's double underscore
how to avoid two queries and replace with join?
matplotlib set color of graphs
using google app engine as simple key/value store
return the number of documents each month in mongodb
search list for number in range
: how to select all other items in a for loop
find last word in a string within a list (pandas, 3)
xml beautifulsoup get text of children nodes
receiving symbols from udp, why?
implementing pointwise arithmetic with implicit type conversion
interactive use of console inside function scope without debugging mode
how to pass a variable array/object to (google app engine)
how to order an external list in
regular expression to match number(s) and arithmetic operators
killing a process launched from a process that has ended -
deleting rows in numpy array between boundaries
graph-tool edge_property to string
how to automatically capitalize field on form submission in django?
how can i set the path for 3 properly?
how to reconstruct function from memory address?
how to filter a list by semi-unique values
how to make colorbar display set limits with 3d data
if not exist, append. if exist, increment count
how to write dict into file with characters other than english letters in 2.7.8?
search a value in html content with django orm that don't consider html tags
build a new dictionary from the keys of one dictionary and the values of another dictionary
change row color of a qtableview with qstandarditemmodel
debugging code in the interpreter
monthly averages using daily data using pandas
3.3 tkinter.filedialog.askopenfile() leaves an unresponsive tk window
what is a fast way in to read hdf5 compound dtype arrays?
appending rows to a list as part of a loop
is there a way to instantiate variables from iterated output in?
multiprocessing accessing data from multiprocessing queue not reading all data
generating combinations in
apply a function to two dataframe columns and create new column from result
how can i get rows between dates in rethinkdb?
appending lists from files to a single list in
beautifulsoup4 - all links within 1 div on multiple pages
nose - is it possible to stub a class constant?
in zope/zodb, how to delete objects from a btreefolder2
how do i easily create a calculated field in a django model?
read certain text from a single line
sort by key of dictionary inside a dictionary in
for each value in dict?
forming sub-lists with pre-defined averages from an initial list
checking if a point is inside negative box
qwidget not showing after calling show()
calculate distance between words in a window in
script for opening up a google search in a specific browser
get first element of series without have information on index
matplotlib: boxplot outlier color change if keyword sym is used
how to delete vertical line from string
cant place widget on frame tkinter
break out of a for loop and re-do it with updated list
import rows of a table from html file as a list in
what can be used instead of parse_qs function
pyspark: query data efficiently
difference between type(obj) and obj.__class__
how to sort folders above files with qsortfilterproxymodel?
how do i do a sql style disjoint or set difference on two pandas dataframe objects?
- import all files in a directory tree
how can i sort a list of dictionaries by a value in the dictionary?
convert unicode array to numpy
incremental training sgd classifier of sklearn with sentences
efficient way of merging two numpy masked arrays
regex loses last character
using awk to compare and print output from both files
manipulating x axis tick labels in matplotlib
how can i create a list of files in the current directory and its subdirectories with a given
summing positive and negative elements from two numpy arrays
merging dataframes on indexes in pandas
age from birthdate in
is there an extra character on the first readline() of a file?
is it possible to access current object while doing list/dict comprehension in?
basehttpserver serving files faster
how to separate numbers into digits and store them in a list?
finding zero crossings from a list in
replace goto using recursion
suggestions on get_text() in beautifulsoup
a function that accepts as an argument either a scalar or a numpy array
how to create test database with flask-testing
inserting data from mysql to json array
specify loops in using an arithematic operation
django - how to use user_pass_test with urls
dict list of list
comparing the values of two dict_values based on certain criteria
how can i make subprocess get the stdout and stderr in order?
scrape a web page that requires they give you a session cookie first
print networkx digraph to nested json format
force function argument to be a string
sorted/unique list of object instances from a larger list?
how can a two-column list be shuffled?
deep copy of a graph in
3 control print output for class
fading text in turtle
sort a dictionary according to the lists size and then alphabetically by their key in?
why multiprocessing is running sequencially?
load uploaded image without saving to hdd with and opencv
make plt.colorbar extend to the steps immediately before and after vmin/vmax
xlsxwriter - grouping via set_row()
: load data into a dictionary of dictionaries
plt.figure() vs subplots in matplotlib
reducing collection of reduce in
what's the ic way to count the occurrence of an element in a list?
how to calculate numerical trend lines in
3 program help. if file_size is 6, then 6 odd numbers ranging from 5
how do i "or" each column in a dataframe with a vector?
how do i set custom css for my i /ihaskell/jupyter notebook?
mapping string based on first letter
how to specify list size using factoryboy
i've printed temperature values in one column in a file but want to graph temperature by row
: sth like parametrized inheritance
weighted degree distribution in's graph_tool
crawler is unable to scrape the required element
read dict from file
parent initializer not called in multi-level inheritence?
convert mask (boolean) array to list of x,y coordinates
pandas define a season over which to calculate statistics
how to post a local file using urllib2 in?
implimenting nstext delegate methods in pyobjc and cocoa
understanding what sort of objects can be dictionary keys
updating non-unique key in pandas
how to edit/add two columns to a dataframe in pandas at once - df.apply()
print a sublist that contains all strings in another list, without necessarily being a direct match
suggestions on how to speed up a distance calculation
convert tuple keys of dict into a new dict
wx.lib.sheet column and row names
threading http requests (with proxies)
getting beautifulsoup to catch tags in a non-case-sensitive way
matplotlib transparent line plots
input into site using mechanize ( )
mapping dict items on class attributes
pyspark replace strings in spark dataframe column
quick way to find a true boolean, given several boolean variables?
prefetch related django
how to get all objects with a date that fall in a specific month sqlalchemy
create excel readable csv from list of float values in single column
flask blueprint static directory does not work?
django - a variable to check in base template that is modified by view functions
comparing large csv file rows to other rows - - memory issues
converting a hex-string representation to actual bytes in
newbie array - list conversion
difference between 2 text files with uknown size
ic way to "round()" like script "math.round()"?
how to query seed used by random.random()?
send report in specific json format
how to dynamically compose an or query filter in django?
join a list of integers
how can i add/change the parent of an entity after it has been created but before it
how do i fake certain south migration in django tests(in a custom test runner)?
looking for more ic apporach
iterating over pairs of coordinates in
a unicode string written in escaped ascii
convert sparse dictionary representation into a dense dataframe
looping through dictionary to insert value to an object
local variables to global variables within a function
alternate to global variable in
does have something like anonymous inner classes of?
how can i report the api of a class programmatically?
how would i get everything before a : in a string
how to know requested module name in django
what to put inside __init__ method in django form class?
what is wrong with this sorting code?
constructor inheriting self
matplotlib histogram2d normalize not equal 1
kill subprocesses using bash script
random hash in
iterating over os.walk in linux
- sending urgent data (tcp)
how to get the full contents of a node using xpath & lxml?
multiple inputs in a subprocess pipe (with stdin or communicate)
how to pass dictionary from jinja2 (using ) to script?
return ipv6 address from domain name
how to delete all strings that match a regular expression in?
let string act as file
string and integer
finding index of list item which is assembled by fraction class
: pretty printing a xml file directly from a tar.gz package
how to write a pager for iterators?
- question regarding the concurrent use of `multiprocess`
how do i make a list
what is the equivalent perl and code for unix command "mdb hostname"
merging dictionaries for same key in
calculating bounding box of numpy array
functional closures without performance hit
opening and executing multiple concurrent windows command prompts from
: convert variable-like strings to class-like strings
finding index of a dictionary in a list by key value
making a function available to all models
converting strings to two lists in
storing int or str in the list
popen communicate with pipe does not catch all output of process
pandas - different dtype column before/after reading a file
getting the module and line that a function was called from
choose multiple random integers with input
sort by field in foreignkey model
list comprehension and simplifying code
how to display 5x5 grid in?
how to center print
how can i use dic in to search values and get a key?
constructor and default value
align two lists by adding special values for missing entries
how to resume program (or exit) after opening webbrowser?
count number of records by date in django
django admin form custom select
count the number of items in a dictionary inside a list as per the dictionary value
difference between '' and "" in
how to compare sympy datatypes
dynamic self-referencing "upload_to" folder on imagefield
how to save a mix of strings and numbers into text files in specified format using numpy.sav
encrypt in php, decrypt in
how can i split large css files with?
youtube-dl server direct file download
tkinter - retrieve file name during askopenfile
what is the default encoding for 2.7.8?
clustering / grouping a list based on time ( )
numpy array memory allocation
collect every pair of elements from a list into tuples in
finding the row with the highest average in a numpy array
pandas if 1 in column a, use value of column b in same row
matplotlib - fixing x axis scale and autoscale y axis
elegant way to disorder a list
why can i encrypt data with one des key and successfully decrypt with another?
how to attach i in 'for i in range(x)' to a label in?
how to run an xpath over html page in?
scipy to make the graph smoother
while loop, computing averages
ic way: sort array items based on a class member and another array
get text before <br/> /bs4
pass parameters to html
how can i filter on the second element in a tuple of tuples?
is cprofile betraying me?
string formatting and concatenation
getting table from django post request and displaying it in handsontable (read value in script
how to change the view-name referred to by the default django reset-your-password email
using a while loop instead of for loop
construct parsing for unaligned int field?
django conjunctive filter __in query
drawing average line in histogram (matplotlib)
how to empty a file using
how to run project after remove.py file?
can threadpoolexecutor help single-threaded application efficiency?
: reverse a string
double loop with multiple "if" conditionals
saving model fields in admin interface in django
how do i convert a password into asterisks while it is being entered?
how to get html representation of a child element in beautifulsoup?
how to assign a variable value to a html button's id?
how can i move a word within a string?
repeating elements of a list n times
is there a equivalent to the perl "/x" modifier for regular expressions?
- append to a copy variable
ordered substitution with regex in
regular expression with wiki text
counting backwards
how do i get my asyncio client to call a socket server and waiting for response
how to delete duplicate values and write to different files?
celery - how to send task from remote machine?
is it possible to map dictionary to object operations in
using beautifulsoup to populate a django model
checking pygame version
conditionally import module to shadow local implementation
2d boolean array using n^2 bits of space
how to retrieve redirect url given in window.location
using multiple logical operators in
executing android commands through and storing the result in a list
time conversion to other format
-dev installation without package management?
simultaneously inserting and extending a list?
why does count single-char strings as identical?
why can't i use true/false/null in a object fed to json.
how to mouseover in webdriver
split a pandas dataframe into multiple smaller dataframes based on empty rows
enumerating namedtuples
regular expression excludes specific strings
: simplify try / except code?
how to refresh a tk inter window with new data from a string
command line arguments as variable definition in
remove lines from file
convert time string with timezone info to iso format
